=== PAGE 1 ===
Finding Alphas
=== PAGE 2 ===
FINDING ALPHAS
A Quantitative Approach to  
Building Trading Strategies
SECOND EDITION
Edited by
Igor Tulchinsky et al.
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 3 ===
This edition first published 2015
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center
Registered office
John Wiley & Sons Ltd, The Atrium, Southern Gate, Chichester, West Sussex, PO19 8SQ,  
United Kingdom
For details of our global editorial offices, for customer services and for information about how to 
apply for permission to reuse the copyright material in this book please see our website at www.
wiley.com.
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, 
or transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or 
otherwise, except as permitted by the UK Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988, without the 
prior permission of the publisher.
Wiley publishes in a variety of print and electronic formats and by print-on-demand. Some 
material included with standard print versions of this book may not be included in e-books or in 
print-on-demand. If this book refers to media such as a CD or DVD that is not included in the 
version you purchased, you may download this material at http://booksupport.wiley.com. For 
more information about Wiley products, visit www.wiley.com.
Designations used by companies to distinguish their products are often claimed as trademarks. 
All brand names and product names used in this book are trade names, service marks, trademarks 
or registered trademarks of their respective owners. The publisher is not associated with any 
product or vendor mentioned in this book.
Limit of Liability/Disclaimer of Warranty: While the publisher and author have used their best 
efforts in preparing this book, they make no representations or warranties with respect to the 
accuracy or completeness of the contents of this book and specifically disclaim any implied 
warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. It is sold on the understanding 
that the publisher is not engaged in rendering professional services and neither the publisher nor 
the author shall be liable for damages arising herefrom. If professional advice or other expert 
assistance is required, the services of a competent professional should be sought.
Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data
Names: Tulchinsky, Igor, 1966- editor.
Title: Finding alphas : a quantitative approach to building trading
    strategies / edited by, Igor Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual
    Research Center.  
Description: Second edition. | Chichester, West Sussex : Wiley, 2020. | 
    Previous edition entered under: Igor Tulchinsky | Includes 
    bibliographical references and index. 
Identifiers: LCCN 2019021400 (print) | LCCN 2019981056 (ebook) | ISBN 
    9781119571216 (hardback) | ISBN 9781119571261 (epub) | ISBN 
    9781119571254 (epdf) 
Subjects: LCSH: Finance—Mathematical models. | Finance—Decision making. 
Classification: LCC HG4515.5 .T85 2020  (print) | LCC HG4515.5  (ebook) | 
    DDC 332.6401/51—dc23 
LC record available at https://lccn.loc.gov/2019021400
LC ebook record available at https://lccn.loc.gov/2019981056
Cover Design: Wiley 
Cover Image: © agsandrew/Shutterstock
Set in 11/13 TimesLTStd by SPi Global, Chennai, India
Printed in Great Britain by TJ International Ltd, Padstow, Cornwall, UK
10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 4 ===
Dedicated to All at WorldQuant —
The Future of Trading
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 5 ===
Contents
Preface  xi
Preface (to the Original Edition) xiii
Acknowledgments xv
About the WebSim Website xvii
PART I INTRODUCTION 1
1 Introduction to Alpha Design 3
By Igor Tulchinsky
2 Perspectives on Alpha Research 7
By Geoffrey Lauprete
3 Cutting Losses 17
By Igor Tulchinsky
PART II DESIGN AND EV ALUATION 23
4 Alpha Design 25
By Scott Bender and Yongfeng He
5 How to Develop an Alpha: A Case Study 31
By Pankaj Bakliwal and Hongzhi Chen
6 Data and Alpha Design 43
By Weijia Li
7 Turnover 49
By Pratik Patel
8 Alpha Correlation 61
By Chinh Dang and Crispin Bui
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 6 ===
9 Backtest – Signal or Overfitting? 69
By Zhuangxi Fang and Peng Yan
10 Controlling Biases 77
By Anand Iyer and Aditya Prakash
11 The Triple-Axis Plan 83
By Nitish Maini
12 Techniques for Improving the Robustness of Alphas 89
By Michael Kozlov
13 Alpha and Risk Factors 95
By Peng Wan
14 Risk and Drawdowns 101
By Hammad Khan and Rebecca Lehman
15 Alphas from Automated Search 111
By Yu Huang and Varat Intaraprasonk
16 Machine Learning in Alpha Research 121
By Michael Kozlov
17 Thinking in Algorithms 127
By Sunny Mahajan
PART III EXTENDED TOPICS 133
18 Equity Price and V olume 135
By Cong Li and Huaiyu Zhou
19 Financial Statement Analysis 141
By Paul A. Griffin and Sunny Mahajan
20 Fundamental Analysis and Alpha Research 149
By Xinye Tang and Kailin Qi
21 Introduction to Momentum Alphas 155
By Zhiyu Ma, Arpit Agarwal, and Laszlo Borda
22 The Impact of News and Social Media on Stock Returns 159
By Wancheng Zhang
23 Stock Returns Information from the Stock Options Market 169
By Swastik Tiwari and Hardik Agarwal
24 Institutional Research 101: Analyst Reports 179
By Benjamin Ee, Hardik Agarwal, Shubham Goyal, Abhishek 
Panigrahy, and Anant Pushkar
viii Contents
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 7 ===
Contents ix
25 Event-Driven Investing 195
By Prateek Srivastava
26 Intraday Data in Alpha Research 207
By Dusan Timotity
27 Intraday Trading 217
By Rohit Kumar Jha
28 Finding an Index Alpha 223
By Glenn DeSouza
29 ETFs and Alpha Research 231
By Mark YikChun Chan
30 Finding Alphas on Futures and Forwards 241
By Rohit Agarwal, Rebecca Lehman, and Richard Williams
PART IV NEW HORIZON – WEBSIM 251
31 Introduction to WebSim 253
By Jeffrey Scott
PART V A FINAL WORD 263
32 The Seven Habits of Highly Successful Quants 265
By Richard Hu and Chalee Asavathiratham
References 273
Index 291
 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 8 ===
Preface
Much has changed since we published the first edition of Finding 
Alphas, in 2015. The premise of that edition – that we considered these 
techniques “the future of trading” – is more true today than it ever was. 
In the intervening four years, we at WorldQuant have seen remarkable 
growth in our development of predictive algorithms for quantitative 
trading – we call them “alphas” – powered by an ever-rising volume and 
variety of available data, an explosion in computer hardware and soft-
ware, and increasingly sophisticated techniques that allow us to create 
and deploy a higher volume and quality of alphas. Today, at WorldQuant, 
we have produced over 20 million alphas, a number that continues to 
grow exponentially as we hunt for ever-weaker predictive signals.
Since 2015, we have steadily expanded our outreach to new, diverse 
talent, adding to the full-time researchers, portfolio managers, and tech-
nologists at our 28 offices around the world, as well as to our growing 
group of research consultants – now more than 2,000 strong. We found 
many of WorldQuant’s research consultants through our Virtual Research 
Center (VRC) and its global quantitative finance competitions, such as 
the WorldQuant Challenge, Women Who Quant, and the International 
Quant Championship.
Participants who enter our competitions seek to create high-quality 
alphas using our online portal, WebSim, which provides educational, 
research, and backtesting tools, including some of the same datasets that 
WorldQuant researchers use. More broadly, the VRC enables individ-
uals to conduct research and seek to build high-quality algorithms that 
may be used in WorldQuant’s systematic financial strategies. Research 
consultants have flexibility in their hours and work location, are com-
pensated based on their activity and productivity, are eligible for addi-
tional compensation based on their algorithms’ performance, and may 
ultimately be considered for full-time positions.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 9 ===
xii Preface
This book, with contributions from 47 current and former WorldQuant 
staffers, summarizes much of what we have learned about the art and sci-
ence of alpha development. This edition is not just a new cover slapped 
on old content. Individual chapters have been extensively rethought and 
revised. This edition has nine chapters that didn’t exist in 2015 – on 
exchange-traded funds, index alphas, intraday data, and event-driven 
investing, among other subjects – and extensive additions in most of the 
rest. Topics like machine learning and automated search have become 
much more important. But while we’ve gone deep, we’ve worked hard 
to make the material more accessible and useful.
Yet we’re only beginning to plumb the possibilities of alphas – and 
to explore the universe of predictive signals. The years ahead will be 
full of new challenges, new data, and new techniques. This exponen-
tial world forces us to accept that what’s here today won’t necessarily 
be here tomorrow. In The UnRules: Man, Machines and the Quest to 
Master Markets, a book I published in 2018, I wrote that I have become 
convinced that the Age of Prediction is upon us. The more alphas you 
have, the better you can describe reality and the more predictive you can 
be. But change is a constant, and the task is never done.
Igor Tulchinsky
June 2019
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 10 ===
Preface (to the Original 
Edition)
This book is a study of the process of finding alphas. The material is 
presented as a collection of essays, providing diverse viewpoints from 
successful quants on the front lines of quantitative trading.
A wide variety of topics is covered, ranging from theories about the 
existence of alphas, to the more concrete and technical aspects of alpha 
creation.
Part  I presents a general introduction to alpha creation and is fol-
lowed by a brief account of the alpha life cycle and insights on cutting 
losses.
Part II focuses more on the technical side of alpha design, such as 
the dos and don’ts of information research, key steps to developing an 
alpha, and the evaluation and improvement of quality alphas. The key 
technical aspects discussed in this section are turnover, backtesting, 
fundamental analysis, equity price volume, statistical arbitrage, overfit-
ting, and alpha diversity.
Part III explores ad hoc topics in alpha design, including alpha design 
for various asset classes like futures and currencies, the development of 
momentum alphas, and the effect of news and social media on stock 
returns.
In Part IV , we introduce you to WebSim, a web-based alpha devel-
opment tool. We invite all quant enthusiasts to utilize this free tool to 
learn about alpha backtesting (also known as alpha simulation) and ulti-
mately to create their own alphas.
Finally, in Part  V , we present an inspirational essay for all quants 
who are ready to explore the world of quantitative trading.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 11 ===
Acknowledgments
In these pages, we present a collection of chapters on the algorithmic- 
based process of developing alphas. The authors of these chapters are 
WorldQuant’s founder, directors, managers, portfolio managers, and 
quantitative researchers. This book has two key objectives: to present as 
many state-of-the-art viewpoints as possible on defining an alpha, and 
the techniques involved in finding and testing alphas. At WorldQuant, 
we believe that no viewpoint is the best and only answer, and that a 
variety of approaches is always superior to a single one.
This edition of Finding Alphas began to take shape in 2017, after 
Michael Peltz joined WorldQuant as global head of content. That year, 
he and then-regional research director Rebecca Lehman met with Igor 
Tulchinsky – WorldQuant’s founder, chairman, and CEO – in his Con-
necticut office to outline their plan to overhaul the book. Finding Alphas 
had originally been written in 2014; Lehman and Peltz wanted to revise 
(and in some cases merge) existing chapters and add new ones. The two 
were instrumental in driving a reconceptualization of the first edition and 
managing a complex editorial process. We particularly want to thank the 
authors of the new chapters – Crispin Bui, Mark YikChun Chan, Chinh 
Dang, Glenn DeSouza, Anand Iyer, Rohit Kumar Jha, Michael Kozlov, 
Nitish Maini, Aditya Prakash, Prateek Srivastava, Dusan Timotity – as 
well as the authors of the chapters that were updated. Together they 
have created a book that should be tremendously useful to anyone inter-
ested in quantitative investing and developing alphas.
Every one of these chapters was copy edited by sharp-eyed Ruth 
Hamel, who juggled the myriad questions and challenges every chap-
ter presented. Then each chapter was carefully vetted by WorldQuant’s 
legal team under Jeffrey Blomberg, whose patience and always sen-
sible suggestions made a major contribution. And, once again, we thank 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 12 ===
xvi Acknowledgments
Wendy Goldman Rohm, our literary agent, who played a major role in 
getting the first edition of Finding Alphas off the ground.
Last, we need to acknowledge with gratitude the support and faith of 
every colleague at WorldQuant. It takes a team. Thank you all.
DISCLAIMER
The contents of this book are intended for informational and educa-
tional purposes only and, as such, are not intended to be nor should be 
construed in any manner to be investment advice. The views expressed 
are those of the various contributors and do not necessarily reflect the 
view or opinion of WorldQuant or the WorldQuant Virtual Research 
Center.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 13 ===
About the WebSim Website
At the time of writing, the WebSim information contained in this book 
is consistent with the WebSim website. Because the website is subject 
to change, in cases where there are inconsistencies between this book 
and the website the terms of the WebSim website will govern the most 
updated and current processes of WebSim. For the most up-to-date 
version of WebSim and the terms applicable to its use, please go to  
https://worldquantvrc.com or its successor site.
Registration at WebSim’s official website is required to obtain the 
full functionality of the platform and to have access to the WebSim 
support team. Successful alphas submitted by research consultants may, 
in certain cases, be considered for inclusion in actual quant trading 
investment strategies managed by WorldQuant.
WEBSIM RESEARCH CONSULTANTS
WorldQuant has established a Research Consultant program for quali-
fied individuals to work with our web-based simulation platform, Web-
Sim. This program gives consultants the flexibility to create alphas in 
their own physical and intellectual environment. This is a particularly 
ideal pursuit for individuals who are undertaking a college education, as 
well as those who are ambitious and highly interested in breaking into 
the financial industry.
Qualified candidates are those highly quantitative individuals who 
typically come from science, technology, engineering, or mathemat-
ics (STEM) programs. However, majors and expertise vary and may 
include statistics, financial engineering, math, computer science, 
finance, physics, or other STEM programs.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 14 ===
xviii About the WebSim Website
You can find more details on WebSim in Part IV of this book. More 
information on the Research Consultant program is available at Web-
Sim’s official website.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 15 ===
PART I
Introduction
 
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 16 ===
1
Introduction to Alpha Design
By Igor Tulchinsky
What is an alpha? Throughout this book, you’ll read different descrip-
tions or definitions of an alpha. Alpha, of course, is the first letter of the 
Greek alphabet – as in “the alpha and the omega,” the beginning and 
the end – and it lurks inside the word “alphabet.” Over the centuries, 
it has attached itself to a variety of scientific terms. The financial use 
of the word “alpha” goes back to 1968, when Michael Jensen, then a 
young PhD economics candidate at the University of Chicago, coined 
the phrase “Jensen’s alpha” in a paper he published in The Journal of 
Finance. Jensen’s alpha measured the risk-adjusted returns of a port-
folio and determined whether it was performing better or worse than 
the expected market. Eventually, Jensen’s alpha evolved into a meas-
ure of investment performance known simply as alpha, and it is most 
commonly used to describe returns that exceed the market or a bench-
mark index.
Since then, the term “alpha” has been widely adopted throughout 
the investing world, particularly by hedge funds, to refer to the unique 
“edge” that they claim can generate returns that beat the market. At 
WorldQuant, however, we use the term a little differently. We design 
and develop “alphas” – individual trading signals that seek to add value 
to a portfolio.
Fundamentally, an alpha is an idea about how the market works. 
There are an infinite number of ideas or hypotheses or rules that can 
be extrapolated, and the number of possibilities is constantly growing 
with the rapid increase in new data and market knowledge. Each of 
these ideas could be an alpha, but many are not. An alpha is an auto-
mated predictive model that describes, or decodes, some market rela-
tion. We design alphas as algorithms, a combination of mathematical 
expressions, computer source code, and configuration parameters. An 
alpha contains rules for converting input data to positions or trades to 
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 17 ===
4 Finding Alphas
be executed in the financial securities markets. We develop, test, and 
trade alphas in large numbers because even if markets are operating 
efficiently, something has to drive prices toward equilibrium, and that 
means opportunity should always exist. To use a common metaphor, an 
alpha is an attempt to capture a signal in an always noisy market.
DESIGNING ALPHAS BASED ON DATA
We design alphas based on data, which we are constantly seeking to 
augment and diversify. Securities prices generally change in response to 
some event; that event should be reflected in the data. If the data never 
changes, then there is no alpha. Changes in the data convey informa-
tion. A change in information should in turn produce a change in the 
alpha. These changes may be expressed in a variety of alpha expres-
sions. Table 1.1 shows a few simple examples.
Alpha design is really just the intelligent search for price information 
conveyed by possible changes in the data, whether you think of them 
as patterns, signals, or a code. The mathematical expression of an alpha 
should embody a hypothesis or a prediction. Again, just a few examples 
are shown in Table 1.2.
Table 1.1 Expressions of changes
A simple difference, A – B Example: today’s_price – yesterday’s_price
A ratio, A/B Example: today’s_price/yesterday’s_price
An expression Example: 1/today’s price. Increase position when 
price is low
Table 1.2 Expressions and their hypotheses
Expression Hypothesis
1/price Invest more if price is low
Price-delay (price,3) Price moves in the direction of 3-day change
Price High-priced stocks go higher
Correlation (price,delay(price,1)) Stocks that trend, outperform
(price/delay(price,3)) * 
rank(volume)
Trending stocks with increasing volume 
outperform
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 18 ===
Introduction to Alpha Design 5
DEFINING QUALITY IN ALPHAS
Alphas produce returns, which vary over time; like individual stocks, an 
alpha’s aggregate returns rise and fall. The ratio of an alpha’s daily return 
to daily volatility is called the information ratio. This ratio measures the 
strength and steadiness of the signal, and shows if a strategy is working –  
whether the signal is robust or weak, whether it is likely to be a true 
 signal or largely noise. We have developed a number of criteria to define 
the quality of an alpha, though until an alpha is extensively tested, put 
into production, and observed out of sample, it’s difficult to know how 
good it really is. Nonetheless, here are some traits of quality alphas:
 • The idea and expression are simple.
 • The expression/code is elegant.
 • It has a good in-sample Sharpe ratio.
 • It is not sensitive to small changes in data or parameters.
 • It works in multiple universes.
 • It works in different regions.
ALPHA CONSTRUCTION, STEP BY STEP
We can broadly define the steps required to construct alphas. Although 
the devil is in the details, developers need only repeat the following 
five steps:
 • Analyze the variables in the data.
 • Get an idea of the price response to the change you want to model.
 • Come up with a mathematical expression that translates this change 
into stock positions.
 • Test the expression.
 • If the result is favorable, submit the alpha.
CONCLUSION
The chapters that follow delve into many of these topics in much greater 
detail. These chapters have been written by WorldQuant researchers, 
portfolio managers, and technologists, who spend their days, and often 
their nights, in search of alphas. The topics range widely, from the 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 19 ===
6 Finding Alphas
nuts- and- bolts development of alphas, to their extensive  backtesting, 
and related subjects like momentum alphas, the use of futures in trad-
ing, institutional research in alpha development, and the impact of news 
and social media on stock returns. There’s also a chapter focused on 
various aspects of WorldQuant’s WebSim platform, our proprietary, 
internet- enabled simulation platform. WebSim’s simulation software 
engine lets anyone backtest alphas, using a large and expanding array 
of datasets. Last, in this edition of Finding Alphas, we’ve added new 
material on topics such as machine learning, alpha correlation, intraday 
trading, and exchange-traded funds.
What is an alpha and how do we find them? Turn the page.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 20 ===
2
Perspectives on Alpha 
Research
By Geoffrey Lauprete
In the field of finance, an alpha is the measure of the excess return of an 
investment over a suitable benchmark, such as a market or an industry 
index. Within the quantitative investment management industry, and in 
this book, the term “alpha” refers to a model used to try to forecast 
the prices, or returns, of financial instruments relative to a benchmark. 
More precisely, an alpha is a function that takes, as input, data that is 
expected to be relevant to the prediction of future prices and outputs 
values corresponding to the forecasted prices of each instrument in its 
prediction universe, relative to a benchmark. An alpha can be expressed 
as an algorithm and implemented in a computer language such as C++, 
Python, or any number of alternative modern or classical programming 
languages.
Attempts to forecast markets predate the digital era and the arrival of 
computers on Wall Street. For example, in his 1688 treatise on economic 
philosophy, Confusion of Confusions, stock operator and writer Josseph 
Penso de la Vega described valuation principles for complex derivatives 
and techniques for speculating on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange. Two 
hundred years later, in a series of articles, Charles Dow (co-founder of 
Dow Jones & Co., which publishes The Wall Street Journal) codified 
some of the basic tenets of charting and technical analysis. His writings 
provide one of the first recorded instances of a systematic market fore-
casting technique, but investors had to wait until the 1980s for afford-
able computing power to arrive on the Wall Street scene and change the 
modeling paradigm: instead of pencil and paper, the main design tools 
and their hardware were set to become computers and digital data.
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 21 ===
8 Finding Alphas
PHDS ON THE STREET
Until the 1960s, all or almost all back-office processes, and stock set-
tlement in particular, were done manually. It took the unprecedented 
increase in stock trading volumes experienced in the late 1960s 
(between 1965 and 1968, the daily share volume of the New York Stock 
Exchange increased from 5 million to 12 million), and the accompa-
nying “traffic jams” in trade processing due to the reliance on pen-
and-paper recordkeeping, for the adoption of computers to become a 
business imperative. By the 1970s, Wall Street had digitized its back 
offices. Within a few years, computers and programmable devices 
were ubiquitous on the Street, playing a role in every corner of the 
financial industry.
The arrival of computing machines on the trading floor of large Wall 
Street firms allowed previously intractable problems in valuation – the 
pricing of options and other derivatives, and price forecasting based on 
databases of digital data – to become practically solvable. But formu-
lating the problems in such a way that the new machines could solve 
them required a new type of market operator, who historically had not 
been part of the sales and trading ecosystem: PhDs and other analyti-
cally minded individuals, not traditionally Wall Street material, became 
sought-after contributors to this new and modernized version of the 
trading floor.
A NEW INDUSTRY
One of the early adopters of computer-based investment methods to 
exploit systematic alphas was James Simons, an award-winning math-
ematician and former chair of the mathematics department at Stony 
Brook University. In 1982, Simons founded Renaissance Technolo-
gies, an East Setauket, New York-based firm that became known for 
the successful deployment of systematic market-neutral strategies. Six 
years later, former Columbia University computer science professor, 
David Shaw, launched D.E. Shaw & Co. in New York City. Shaw had 
spent two years at Morgan Stanley, part of a group whose mandate was 
to develop stock forecasting algorithms using historical price records. 
Others followed, either inside banks and brokerages as part of proprie-
tary trading groups or at hedge funds managing pooled investor money. 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 22 ===
Perspectives on Alpha Research 9
Over time, quantitative market-neutral investing became known as a 
scalable and dependable investment strategy, which fared particularly 
well during the dot-com market crash of the early 2000s.
As the hedge fund industry grew, so did the allocation of investor 
capital to quantitative investment strategies. As of January 2018, it 
was estimated that as much as one third of the hedge fund industry’s 
total assets was managed using systematic investment methods, either 
by firms dedicated to quantitative investing, such as WorldQuant, or 
by multistrategy hedge funds that invest a portion of their assets in 
quantitative approaches, according to The Financial Times. The hesi-
tation that investors exhibited in the 1990s and early 2000s toward 
what were often referred to disparagingly as “black box” strategies 
waned gradually as the strategies’ track records held up relative to 
those of other investment approaches. It’s possible that quantitative 
investment strategies, which emphasize leveraging technology – via 
algorithms, artificial intelligence, and machine learning – are benefit-
ing from society’s growing comfort with automation and the replace-
ment of human intermediaries by machines with increasing levels of 
free rein. Investing via modeling and smart data processing doesn’t 
seem like much of a stretch 40 years after the launch of the first sys-
tematic hedge funds.
Still, the path toward quantitative investing becoming an established 
strategy was not a straight line. The quant meltdown of 2007 dealt 
a particular blow to investor and participant confidence in the ability 
of quantitative investing to produce credible long-term risk-adjusted 
returns: in August of that year, a market panic prompted a large num-
ber of quant funds to liquidate their positions in a short period of time, 
creating an unprecedented drawdown and causing some participants 
and investors to head for the exits in what amounted to a stampede. 
That period was followed the next year by the global financial crisis, 
which again saw significant investment return volatility. The 2000s 
were accompanied by a range of structural market changes, from deci-
malization to the rise of exchange-traded funds. The period also dem-
onstrated the flexibility and resilience of the quantitative investment 
approach, and showed that the quantitative operators developing alpha 
forecasts were able to adapt to new market environments, innovate, 
and ultimately stay relevant.
In the next section, we will take a closer look at the alphas driving the 
quantitative strategies described above.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 23 ===
10 Finding Alphas
STATISTICAL ARBITRAGE
The term “statistical arbitrage” (stat arb) is sometimes used to describe 
a trading strategy based on the monetization of systematic price fore-
casts, or alphas. Unlike pure arbitrage, when a risk-free profit can be 
locked in by simultaneously purchasing and selling a basket of assets, a 
stat arb strategy aims to exploit relationships among asset prices that are 
estimated using historical data. Because estimation methods are imper-
fect, and because the exact relationships among assets are unknown and 
infinitely complex, the stat arb strategy’s profit is uncertain. It is subject 
to estimation error, overfitting, incomplete information, and shifts in 
market dynamics that can cause previous relationships to vanish. None-
theless, the practitioner’s goal is to discover, through data analysis and 
statistical hypothesis testing, which relationships are valid and deserve 
an allocation of capital and which are bogus and likely to lead to the 
poorhouse.
In the search for legitimate relationships between asset prices, the 
academic literature has been and continues to be an important source 
of ideas. For example, the work of financial economists on the capital 
asset pricing model (the CAPM, which aims to decompose a stock’s 
return into its market component and an idiosyncratic component) and 
its derivatives has spawned an enormous, multidecade-long search to 
prove and/or disprove its validity, and to enhance its explanatory power 
with additional factors. The initial research on the CAPM was pub-
lished in the 1960s (e.g. William Sharpe’s 1964 article, “Capital Asset 
Prices: A Theory of Market Equilibrium under Conditions of Risk”), 
and the debate continued into the 1990s (e.g. Eugene Fama and Kenneth 
French, “The Cross-Section of Expected Stock Returns”). A 2018 scan 
of The Journal of Finance found at least one entry on the subject of 
factor pricing (“Interpreting Factor Models,” by Serhiy Kozak, Stefan 
Nagel, and Shrihari Santosh).
But models from academia, even when they provide a foundation for 
applied research, are often incomplete or based on assumptions that are 
inconsistent with the real markets in which traders operate. As a result, 
such models can be difficult or impossible to employ successfully. This 
observation applies not only to models from financial economics but 
also to models from the fields of econometrics, applied  statistics – such 
as time-series analysis and machine learning or  regression – and opera-
tions research and optimization. As an example, many regression models 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 24 ===
Perspectives on Alpha Research 11
tend to be estimated based on the minimization of mean-squared errors 
for computational convenience. But mean-squared error is not necessar-
ily the objective that traders have in mind for  their stat arb  strategies –  
they may be more interested in generating a steady cash flow and 
 managing the downside risk of that cash flow. The simplicity of the 
mean-squared error objective is a trade-off against the objective’s use-
fulness. Alternatives are possible but fall into the realm of trade secrets, 
which quantitative investment firms develop in-house and keep to them-
selves, never to be published but instead handed down from quant to 
quant, forming the basis of a deep institutional pool of knowledge that 
it is in the firm’s interest to protect.
EXISTENCE OF ALPHAS
We could debate whether alphas and stat arb strategies ought to exist 
at all. In fact, the academic literature in financial economics has tack-
led this problem exhaustively, qualifying the markets and the nature of 
information and how it affects prices, and deriving conclusions based 
on various assumptions about the markets, about market participants 
and their level of rationality, and how the participants interact and pro-
cess information. The term “efficient market hypothesis” (EMH) is 
sometimes used to describe the theory that says market prices reflect 
all available information. The EMH gained prominence in the 1960s, 
and empirical studies of prices and of asset manager performance since 
then have lent credence to the idea that the market is efficient enough 
to make it impossible to determine whether top asset managers’ perfor-
mance is due to anything but luck. The theory also implies that looking 
for exploitable patterns in prices, and in other forms of publicly avail-
able data, will not lead to strategies in which investors can have confi-
dence, from a statistical perspective.
An implication of the EMH is that prices will evolve in a process 
indistinguishable from a random walk. However, another branch of 
financial economics has sought to disprove the EMH. Behavioral eco-
nomics studies market imperfections resulting from investor psycho-
logical traits or cognitive biases. Imperfections in the financial markets 
may be due to overconfidence, overreaction, or other defects in how 
humans process information. Empirical studies may have had mixed 
results in aiming to disprove the EMH, but if no investors made any 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 25 ===
12 Finding Alphas
effort to acquire and analyze information, then prices would not reflect 
all available information and the market would not be efficient. But that 
in turn would attract profit-motivated investors to tackle the problem 
of analyzing the information and trading based on it. Thus, over time, 
some investors must profit from analyzing information.
Even if we can make an argument in favor of the existence of alphas 
under various stylized assumptions, the details of prediction in the real 
world are complex. A prediction with low accuracy or a prediction that 
estimates a weak price change may not be interesting from a practition-
er’s perspective. The markets are an aggregate of people’s intentions, 
affected by changing technology, macroeconomic reality, regulations, 
and wealth – and this makes the business of prediction more challeng-
ing than meets the eye. Therefore, to model the markets, investors need 
a strong understanding of the exogenous variables that affect the prices 
of financial instruments. That is the challenge that market forecasters 
and algorithmic traders face, motivated by the expectation that they will 
be rewarded for their efforts and for their mastery of complexity.
IMPLEMENTATION
Alphas are typically implemented in a programming language like C++, 
Python, or another flexible and modern language. When implemented 
in a programming language, an alpha is a function that takes data and 
outputs a forecast of the price of each instrument in the universe being 
tested. The simplest forms of data are concurrent and historical prices. 
Other commonly used data include volumes and other market records, 
accounting variables in a company’s income or cash flow statements, 
news headlines, and social media-related entries. Data quality is a sig-
nificant issue in the alpha research process. Bias in the historical data 
can make the calibration of accurate models impossible. Ongoing data 
issues, such as technical problems, human error, unexpected data for -
mat changes, and more, can sap a model’s forecasting power.
Predicting the future price of a financial instrument is a difficult prob-
lem. For example, in order to predict the price of an NYSE-listed stock 
over the next month, a researcher needs to understand not only (1) the 
idiosyncratic features of that stock, but also (2) what drives the industry 
that the stock belongs to, and ultimately (3) what drives the market for 
listed stocks as a whole – that is, the world economy. The complex-
ity of the problem can be reduced dramatically by focusing on relative 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 26 ===
Perspectives on Alpha Research 13
prices; for example, instead of trying to predict the absolute price of 
stock XYZ, you can try to predict the price of stock XYZ relative to 
other stocks in XYZ’s industry. By reducing the problem’s scope, (2) 
and (3) can be ignored. In practice, investors can try to monetize such 
relative value predictions via market-neutral investment strategies.
EVALUATION
What is a good alpha? There is no single metric that will answer that 
question. The answer depends in part on how the alpha is going to be 
used. Certain investment strategies require very strong predictors; oth-
ers benefit, marginally, from weak ones. Here are some pointers for 
alpha evaluation:
 • Good in-sample performance doesn’t guarantee good out-of-sample 
performance.
 • Outliers can ruin a model and lead to erroneous predictions.
 • Multiple-hypothesis testing principles imply that the more effort 
spent sifting through evidence and the more alternatives considered, 
the lower the likelihood of choosing an optimal model.
 • An out-of-sample period is necessary to validate a model’s predic-
tive ability. The longer the out-of-sample period, the higher the con-
fidence in the model but the less in-sample data available to calibrate 
the model. The optimal ratio of in-sample to out-of-sample data in 
model building depends on the model’s complexity.
LOOKING BACK
Backtesting involves looking back in time to evaluate how a forecast 
or trading strategy would have performed historically. Although back-
testing is invaluable (providing a window into both the markets and 
how the alpha would have performed), there are two important points 
to remember:
 • History does not repeat itself exactly. So while an alpha idea may 
look great in a backtest, there’s no guarantee (only a level of confi-
dence) it will continue to work in the future. This is because of the 
perverse power of computation and the ability of creative modelers 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 27 ===
14 Finding Alphas
to miss the forest for the trees. With computational resources, you 
can evaluate a very large number of ideas and permutations of those 
ideas. But without the discipline of keeping track of what ideas were 
tried, and without taking that into account when evaluating the likeli-
hood that a model is a true model and not a mere statistical artifact 
(multiple-hypothesis testing principles), you may end up mistaking 
lumps of coal for gold.
 • New algorithmic modelers look back at history and estimate that the 
market was much easier to trade than it was in reality. This is due to 
several effects. First, hindsight is 20/20. Second, data scrubbed to pol-
ish rough edges can lead to overinflated historical alpha performance. 
Last, computational power and technology evolve, and today’s tools 
were not available historically. For example, ideas that seemed simple 
enough to program in a Lotus spreadsheet in the 1980s were actually 
not so simple to discover and implement back then. Every period has 
its own market and its own unique market opportunities. Each genera-
tion of algorithmic modelers has an opportunity set that includes the 
possibility of discovering powerful market forecasts that will gener -
ate significant profit.
THE OPPORTUNITY
Exploitable price patterns and tradable forecasting models exist because 
market participants differ in their investment objectives, their prefer -
ences (such as risk tolerance), and their ability to process information. 
Participants work with a finite set of resources and aim to optimize their 
investment strategies subject to the limits imposed by those resources. 
They leave to others the chance to take advantage of whatever trad-
ing opportunities they haven’t had the bandwidth or ability to focus 
on. Market participants with long-term investment horizons tend not 
to pay the same attention to short-term price variations as participants 
with short-term investment horizons. Conversely, traders with a short- 
term investment horizon can operate efficiently and effectively without 
having an understanding of the fundamental valuation principles that 
are used by institutional investors concerned with scalability, tax effi-
ciency, and longer-term performance (or, in some cases, performance 
relative to an index). Traders who use leverage cannot tolerate volatil-
ity and drawdowns to the same extent that a nonleveraged trader can. 
Firms with larger technology budgets can beat the competition in areas 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 28 ===
Perspectives on Alpha Research 15
like the monetization of short-term alphas via a low-latency infrastruc-
ture, the exploitation of large-scale data processing, or the application 
of computationally intensive machine learning or artificial intelligence 
forecasting techniques.
The goal of an alpha researcher is to discover forecastable prices 
or price relationships that investors may profit from. The fact that the 
market is continuously evolving and responding to new information and 
new information sources ensures that the opportunity to find alphas will 
continue to exist indefinitely. That is good news for the next generation 
of alpha researchers, but it also implies that models designed for market 
conditions that no longer exist will cease to function, their forecasting 
power decreasing inexorably with time. An alpha researcher’s job is 
never finished.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 29 ===
3
Cutting Losses
By Igor Tulchinsky
Man is a creature that became successful because he was able to make 
sense of his environment and develop rules more effectively than his 
natural competitors could. In hunting, agriculture, and, later, mathemat-
ics and physics, rules proliferated. Today, rules abound in every area of 
life, from finance to science, from relationships to self-improvement 
regimens. Man survives because of rules.
An infinite number of possible rules describe reality, and we are 
always struggling to discover and refine them. Yet, paradoxically, there 
is only one rule that governs them all. That rule is: no rule ever works 
perfectly. I call it the UnRule.
It’s an accepted scientific principle that no rule can really be proved –  
it can only be disproved. Karl Popper, the great Austrian philosopher of 
science, pointed this out in 1934. He argued that although it is impos-
sible to verify a universal truth, a single counterinstance can disprove it. 
Popper stressed that because pure facts don’t exist, all observations and 
rules are subjective and theoretical.
There are good reasons for this uncertainty. Reality is complicated. 
People and their ideas are imperfect. Ideas are expressed as abstrac-
tions, in words or symbols. Rules are just metaphorical attempts to 
bring order to this complex reality. Thus, every rule is flawed and no 
rule works all the time. No single dogma fully describes the world, but 
every rule describes some aspect of the world. And every rule works 
sometimes.
We are like artists slowly painting images on canvases. Every stroke 
may bring an image closer to reality, but the painting will never become 
a perfect interpretation of reality. There are many examples of this. New-
ton’s laws, which for centuries seemed to describe motion perfectly, 
turned out to be flawed, giving way to Einstein’s theory of relativity. 
Man’s attempts to explain his place in the universe have continually 
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 30 ===
18 Finding Alphas
evolved, from the belief that the earth was at the center of the cosmos 
to the realization that we are tiny, fragile beings adrift in a vast universe 
that eludes our full comprehension. Likewise, various rules have been 
asserted that purport to describe, even predict, financial markets, from 
the belief in strongly efficient markets to the development of option- 
pricing models. All of these have proved flawed, usually after market 
meltdowns.
So you see the paradox: the only rule that works is the one that 
says no rule always works. Rules are specks of dust, fragments of a 
larger reality.
This is the reason it’s so important to be able to cut your losses 
when riding the often turbulent seas of the markets, where the UnRule 
prevails. How can this turbulence and change be weathered? What is 
the best way to deal with myriad shifting rules, all of them imperfect, 
many of them conflicting, based on different sets of circumstances and 
assumptions?
Trading is a microcosm of reality, a dynamic environment of pro-
found complexity in which millions of participants act and react based 
on rules and beliefs that in turn feed back into and affect the larger envi-
ronment. The challenge in trading is to derive rules that describe and 
predict markets, then to use them successfully to earn profits, without 
changing those markets in ways that might result in the destruction of 
the rule itself.
We represent trading rules as alphas, algorithms that seek to pre-
dict the future of securities returns. Managing millions of alphas, each 
reflecting some hypothesis about the markets, is a complicated mat-
ter and a subject unto itself. In dealing with millions of alphas, certain 
regularities become apparent. The best, most universal way of dealing 
with this complexity (and the fact that all rules eventually break down) 
is knowing when to cut your losses.
The concept of cutting trading losses has been around for a long 
time. It originated in what may be the oldest type of trading, so-called 
trend following, in which a trader bets that a rising (or falling) security 
will continue to rise (or fall). In such a scenario, trades typically are 
entered when a new high is reached and exited when the accumulated 
profits exceed some preset limits.
In today’s trading world, alphas and strategies are seldom as simple 
as that. Instead of following a particular security, we apply trend follow-
ing to the accumulated profit and loss of a strategy as a whole, which 
may consist of many individual alphas on many securities.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 31 ===
Cutting Losses 19
To put it plainly: cutting losses means abandoning rules that no 
longer work.
Although the logic of cutting losses is easy to see in trading, the 
principle also holds true in other parts of life, including business, entre-
preneurship, and even relationships. Sometimes you just have to admit 
that whatever you’re doing is not working out and move on.
Cutting losses requires discipline and the subjugation of your ego. 
Typically, emotion plays a big role in any kind of thinking and deci-
sion making. Neuroscientists have studied patients suffering from 
damage to the areas of the brain involved in processing emotions, who 
are unable to make simple decisions like choosing which shirt to put 
on in the morning. In our work developing and deploying alphas, we 
often are driven by emotional confidence. When we are devising a 
strategy, the process starts with: “I understand how the world works.  
I believe in my rule. Here is my rule.” Because ego and pride are inter-
twined with this confidence, it may be difficult to let go of the rule 
that you’ve come up with, even in the face of evidence that the rule no 
longer works.
Perhaps the practice of cutting losses is not followed more widely 
for ego reasons. Or it may be that people lack knowledge of alternative 
rules that might work. The often high cost of changing a strategy can 
contribute to resistance to letting go of rules that no longer work.
It’s wise to refrain from believing exclusively in any particular theory 
or rule. You can believe them all, but don’t embrace any of them com-
pletely. Sometimes they work; sometimes they don’t. The best indica-
tor of whether a rule is good is how well it’s working at that moment. 
The rest is speculation. If a rule works, we invest in it; if it doesn’t,  
we don’t.
We collect all ideas and let time and performance show what works 
and what doesn’t – and when it works and when it doesn’t. When we 
postulate a new idea, rule, or alpha based on historical data and thor -
ough statistical analysis (sometimes with a touch of fundamental wis-
dom), it then goes into our knowledge base. From this universe of ideas, 
we seek to construct the closest thing possible to a depiction of financial 
reality. But to do what we do, we have to be comfortable with the fact 
that we will never know everything there is to know.
The old saying is that in the land of the blind, the one-eyed man 
is king. We live in the land of the blind. Particularly in trading and 
financial markets, accepting that blindness and effectively using that 
one good eye is a big advantage.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 32 ===
20 Finding Alphas
HOW TO APPLY THE PRINCIPLE OF THE UNRULE TO 
CUTTING LOSSES
We acknowledge that the number of imperfect ideas is unbounded and 
that reality is unknown and unknowable. But each imperfect idea does 
describe reality a bit, so the more alphas we possess, the better we can 
describe an aspect of reality, and the closer we can come to having “one 
eye” with which we can seek to increase profits.
Because no rule is perfect, a combination of all rules may come as 
close to perfection as possible.
Applying all rules in tandem is a key to success. For example, to 
cross the street, you might have the following three rules in mind:
1. Look left, look right, look left again, then it is safe to cross.
2. If you hear a loud noise, turn in the direction of the noise.
3. If you see a car headed toward you, run!
You may start crossing the street believing in and comforted by 
Rule 1, then hear a horn honking, which triggers Rule 2. Rule 1 should 
be abandoned immediately because the safety conclusion has been 
challenged by the noise. Then you apply Rule 3.
This has the following implications:
 • It is necessary to come up with as many good rules as possible.
 • No single rule can ever be relied upon completely.
 • It is necessary to develop a strategy for using rules simultaneously.
How do you know when an investment strategy isn’t working? 
When the strategy performs outside its expected returns. This usually is 
accompanied by the following signals:
 • A drawdown exceeds the typical drawdowns observed previously.
 • The strategy’s Sharpe ratio falls significantly.
 • Rules that were initially observed in historical simulation are no 
longer valid in live trading.
It is important to pursue different strategies simultaneously and to 
shift your efforts into those that are working. Suppose you have a theory 
describing when gold prices will rise. The theory works 50% of the 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 33 ===
Cutting Losses 21
time. Suppose you have 10 other equally solid theories. A combination 
of theories should describe reality better than any one of them. And the 
best way to manage which one of them is most accurate is by observing 
which ones are working at the moment.
Then comes the discipline of cutting losses.
When a strategy stops working, determine the belief that initially 
motivated the activity. If the belief was obviously false, you are playing 
with dice. Best to terminate the activity and engage in more produc-
tive efforts.
Say you hire someone to renovate your house. They promise to do 
the job for $50,000, but less than halfway through the project they’ve 
already spent $45,000. At this point, you should cut that builder loose if 
switching to a new one can be done cheaply enough.
Suppose we are engaged in an activity – let’s call it X – that starts to 
lose money. The activity can be anything, perhaps a trading strategy or 
a business. We need to ask the following questions:
 • Am I losing money in activity X?
 • What is the maximum acceptable loss? (Call the maximum accept-
able loss Y .)
 • What is the observed loss amount? (Call the observed loss Z.)
Before starting activity X, we should identify the maximum accept-
able loss, Y . If the observed loss, Z, exceeds the maximum acceptable 
loss, Y , and the exit cost is not too high, cut the loss.
SUMMARY
Examine each potential action before embarking on it. Determine:
 • What’s the objective?
 • What are the normal, expected difficulties?
Plan in advance how to get out of the strategy cheaply.
Pursue multiple strategies simultaneously.
Cut all strategies that fall outside expectations.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 34 ===
PART II
Design and Evaluation
 
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 35 ===
4
Alpha Design
By Scott Bender and Yongfeng He
This chapter will lay out the process of designing an alpha, starting with 
raw data. We will discuss some of the important design decisions you 
need to make when creating an alpha, as well as how to properly evalu-
ate an alpha. At the end of this chapter, we will highlight some issues 
that can arise after alphas have been developed and put into production.
DATA INPUTS TO AN ALPHA
Alphas are fueled by data. The edge sought for an alpha may come from 
identifying high-quality pieces of publicly available data, superior pro-
cessing of the data – or both. Some typical data sources are:
 • Prices and v
olumes. Technical analysis or regression models may be 
built based on this data.
 • Fundamentals. By automating the analysis of k
ey metrics for each 
company, you can build alphas that typically have very low turnover.
 • Macroeconomic data, such as GDP numbers and emplo
yment rates, 
that have market-wide effects upon their release.
 • T
ext, such as Federal Open Market Committee minutes, company fil-
ings, papers, journals, news, or social media.
 • Multimedia, notably rele
vant videos or audio. There are mature tech-
niques to process such data – for example, converting audio into text 
that can be used to build models.
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 36 ===
26 Finding Alphas
Sometimes data sources aren’t used to generate a directional signal 
but to attempt to reduce noise in predictions and refine other alpha sig-
nals. Examples are:
 • Risk factor models. By controlling risk exposure or eliminating 
exposure to some risk factors, one can seek to improve the alpha’s 
performance.
 • Relationship models, such as instruments that typically are correlated 
with each other to some extent. Some may lead or lag others, thus 
generating potential opportunities for arbitrage.
Today, with information growing explosively, extracting signals from 
an expanding ocean of data is more and more challenging. The solution 
space is nonconvex, discontinuous, and dynamic; good signals often 
arise where they are least expected. How can we extract such signals? 
By limiting the search space and using methods previously employed 
by treasure hunters:
 • Searching in the vicinity of previous discoveries.
 • Conserving resources to avoid digging too deeply.
 • Using validated cues to improve the probability of a find.
 • Allocating at least some resources (computational power) to test 
wild theories.
ALPHA UNIVERSE
An important step in designing an alpha is choosing the target set of 
assets to be traded; this set of assets is called the universe of the alpha. 
The universe may be restricted along one or more dimensions, such as:
 • Asset class (stocks, exchange-traded funds, futures, currencies, 
options, bonds, etc.)
 • Region or country
 • Sector or industry
 • Individual instruments
The universe choice typically is driven by the coverage of the input 
data or the alpha idea, but alphas can be designed and tuned specifically 
for a certain universe even if the data has wider coverage.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 37 ===
Alpha Design 27
ALPHA PREDICTION FREQUENCY
Another important design decision when creating an alpha is the predic-
tion frequency. This defines the times at which the alpha will generate 
new predictions.
Some typical frequencies:
 • Tick. New predictions are triggered by events such as a trade in 
the market.
 • Intraday. Predictions are generated multiple times at predetermined 
points during the day.
 • Daily. One prediction per day, of which there are several typi-
cal subtypes:
 ■ Delay 1. Only data available before the current trading day may be 
used to make a prediction.
 ■ Delay 0 snapshot. Data before a specific time may be used to make 
a prediction.
 ■ MOO/MOC. Predictions are tied to the opening or closing auction.
 • Weekly or monthly.
As with the choice of universe, this decision often is guided by the 
frequency of the input data.
VALUE OF AN ALPHA
The ultimate test of alpha value is how much risk-adjusted profit the 
alpha adds to the strategy in which it is trading. In practice, this is dif-
ficult to precisely measure because:
 • There is no canonical strategy in which an alpha may be used, and the 
exact strategy in which the alpha will be used may not be known at 
the time of its design.
 • There are often nonlinear effects in the combination that make it dif-
ficult to precisely attribute profit to individual alphas.
All that said, we can still make useful predictions about whether an 
alpha will add value in strategies, and we can provide a reasonable esti-
mate of how much an alpha contributed to the strategy’s performance.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 38 ===
28 Finding Alphas
PRACTICAL ALPHA EVALUATION
Because the target trading strategy may not be known when the alpha 
is being designed, when considering an alpha on its own, how can we 
know if it will be useful? Alternatively, when an alpha is changed, is it 
really improved? To answer these questions, good quantitative meas-
urements are required.
A typical method for collecting measurements about trading strate-
gies is to run a simulation (that is, backtest) and measure characteristics 
of the result, such as the information ratio. One way to make analo-
gous measurements for an alpha is to do a mapping of its predictions 
to a trading strategy and then run such a simulation. There are different 
ways to do this mapping, but the simplest is to assume the prediction 
strength of an alpha is the dollar position taken by the trading strategy. 
One issue with this mapping method is that alphas often will not map 
to good strategies on their own because they are designed to predict 
returns, not to make profitable trades net of costs. One way to address 
this issue is by charging reduced transaction costs in the simulation.
Once the simulation has been constructed, some useful measure-
ments that can be taken are:
 • Information ratio. The mean of the alpha’s returns divided by the 
standard deviation of the returns, this measures how consistently the 
alpha makes good predictions. Combining the information ratio with 
the length of the observation period can help us determine our level 
of confidence that the alpha is better than random noise. A reason-
able annualized information ratio for a unique alpha with little fitting, 
observed over a five-year period, would be 1.0. In practice, alphas 
have some fitting and some correlation to existing alphas, so the 
information ratio is typically a bit higher than this.
 • Margin is the amount of profit the alpha made in the simulation 
divided by the amount of trading that was done. This is an indicator 
of how sensitive the alpha is to transaction costs. A higher margin 
means the alpha is not much affected by trading costs. Alphas with 
low margins won’t add value unless they are very different from the 
other alphas in the strategy. For an average daily alpha, a margin of 5 
basis points typically is acceptable.
 • Correlation measures the uniqueness of an alpha and often is meas-
ured against the most correlated alpha that exists in the alpha pool. 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 39 ===
Alpha Design 29
Lower correlation indicates that the alpha is more unique and there-
fore more desirable. For an alpha whose characteristics are otherwise 
average, the following interpretation of the maximum correlation is 
reasonable:
 ■ More than 0.7: Too high unless the alpha is significantly better than 
the existing alpha.
 ■ 0.5 to 0.7: Borderline. The alpha should be exceptional in some 
other metric.
 ■ 0.3 to 0.5: Generally acceptable.
 ■ Less than 0.3: Good.
The measurements above can be made more complex. For example, 
it can be useful to test whether the alpha has good information ratios on 
both liquid stocks (stocks with high trading volume) and illiquid stocks. 
If the alpha is only predictive on illiquid stocks, it may have limited 
usefulness in a strategy that intends to trade very large sizes.
FUTURE PERFORMANCE
All of the measurements in the preceding section are intended to 
evaluate an alpha when there is no information other than the actual 
predictions. However, additional information, such as how the alpha 
was constructed, can be useful in determining whether the alpha will 
make good predictions going forward. Ultimately, what is important 
is whether the alpha makes usable future predictions, not historical 
predictions.
Consider an alpha that has a high information ratio but was built by 
optimizing parameters that have no economic explanation to historical 
data. For example, suppose the alpha had 12 parameters, one for each 
month (x1. . .x12), and suppose the alpha rule is simply to buy x1 dol-
lars of all stocks in January, x2 dollars of all stocks in February, and so 
forth. If x1–x12 was optimized over the past year, the alpha would make 
good predictions for the past year, but there is no reason to think they 
would work going into the next year.
In general, each optimization or improvement made to an alpha after 
observing historical data will improve the alpha’s historical perfor -
mance by some amount and its future performance by some different, 
usually smaller, amount. The alpha designer should take special care to 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 40 ===
30 Finding Alphas
ensure that changes are expected to improve the alpha going forward, 
not just historically.
When changes to the alpha yield very small (or even negative) 
improvements to the future predictions compared with large improve-
ments of historical predictions, the alpha is being overfit to the historical 
data. Alpha designers can measure the effect of this overfitting by look-
ing at the performance of their alphas on data that was not used in alpha 
construction (out-of-sample data) and comparing it with the data used 
to improve the alpha (in-sample data). The comparison of in-sample 
to out-of-sample performance is useful not only on the alpha level but 
also in aggregate across all alphas from a given designer or on groups 
of alphas from a given designer. These comparisons on groups of alphas 
can measure the tendency of a designer’s methodology to overfit.
CONCLUSION
This chapter discussed the major elements of alpha design, including 
practical approaches to evaluate alphas. Some potential issues that arise 
after alphas are developed also were addressed. By harnessing the expo-
nential growth of computing power and data sources, combined with 
a solid alpha design framework, we can generate alphas and trading 
strategies that evolve with the market.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 41 ===
5
How to Develop an Alpha: 
A Case Study
By Pankaj Bakliwal and Hongzhi Chen
In this chapter, we explain how to design an alpha, the logic behind 
an alpha, how to convert an alpha idea into a mathematical predictive 
formula by using appropriate information, and how to improve the idea. 
We will also introduce some important concepts on evaluating the per-
formance of an alpha.
Before we talk more about alpha development and design, let’s 
study a simple example to get a better understanding of what an alpha 
looks like.
Let’s say we have $1 million in capital and want to invest continu-
ously in a portfolio consisting of two stocks: Alphabet (GOOG) and 
Apple (AAPL). We need to know how to allocate our capital between 
these two stocks. If we do a daily rebalancing of our portfolio, we need 
to predict the next few days’ return of each stock. How do we do this?
There are a lot of things that can affect the stocks’ prices, such as 
trader behavior, price trends, news, fundamental corporate change, and 
a change in holdings by big institutions or corporate insiders –  officers, 
directors, or shareholders with more than 10% of a class of the com-
pany’s registered equity securities. To make things simple, we can 
deconstruct the prediction process into two steps: first, we predict the 
stock returns of each instrument, using a single factor like news or price 
trends; second, we aggregate all the different predictions.
Let’s try to develop an alpha using recent price trends, employing 
available data in the form of the daily historical prices of these two 
stocks. The next step is to come up with a sensible idea. Let’s say that, 
based on the historical prices, we observe that the two stocks have 
trended upward during the past week. Logic says that in the absence 
of any additional information, when stock prices rise, investors tend 
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 42 ===
32 Finding Alphas
to book profits and close their long positions, which in turn pushes the 
stock prices downward. At the same time, when stock prices fall, inves-
tors see an opportunity to buy shares at a cheaper rate, which in turn 
pushes the stock prices upward.
Converting an idea into a mathematical expression is not always straight-
forward. In the above case, though, it can be done simply as follows:
 Alpha week returns1  
The negative sign indicates that a short position is taken when the 
trend is upward and a long position when the trend is downward. The 
dollar amount of the long–short position in a particular financial instru-
ment is determined by the magnitude of the value given by the formula. 
This means that the stronger the price trend, the greater the likelihood 
the price will revert. Suppose our algorithm produces the following val-
ues for two stocks, respectively:
 Alpha GOOG 2  
 Alpha AAPL 1 
The values above have a ratio of 2 to 1. This means we want to hold 
twice as much of GOOG as we do of AAPL; the positive number means 
we want to hold a long position, while the negative number means we 
want to hold a short position. Thus, using $1 million of capital as an 
example, we want to be long $1 million of GOOG and short $500,000 
of AAPL at the end of today’s trading. This example, of course, assumes 
zero transaction costs.
So the alpha model is actually an algorithm that transforms input 
data (price-volume, news, fundamental, etc.) into a vector, which is pro-
portional to the money we want to hold in each instrument.
 Alpha input data alpha value vector 
Now that we understand what an alpha is, let’s write our first alpha.1 
We will introduce more concepts along the way. Above all, we need 
1 The sample alphas and returns described in this chapter are included for 
illustrative purposes only and are not intended to be indicative of any strategy 
utilized by WorldQuant or its affiliates.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 43 ===
How to Develop an Alpha: A Case Study 33
to define a universe – that is, the set of financial instruments on which 
we want to build the alpha model. Let’s focus on the US equity mar -
ket. There are different ways to select equity instruments, such as using 
components of the S&P 500 index. Suppose we use the most liquid 
3,000 stocks in the US as our research universe (call it TOP3000).
Next we need an idea to predict the stock price. We can use the same 
mean-reversion idea mentioned above and express it in terms of a math-
ematical expression as follows:
 Alpha1c lose todayc lose days closed ays55__ /_ _agoa go  
To find out if this idea works, we need a simulator to do backtesting. 
We can use WebSim for this purpose.
Using WebSim, we get the sample results for this alpha, as shown in 
Figure 5.1.
Table  5.1 shows several performance metrics used to evaluate an 
alpha. We focus on the most important metrics.
The backtesting is done from 2010 through 2015, so each row of the 
output lists the annual performance of that year. The total simulation 
book size is always fixed at $20 million; the PnL is the annual PnL.
Cumulative pro/f_it
$15MM
$10MM
$5MM
$0
01/1007/1010/1001/1104/1107/1110/1101/1
2
04/1207/1210/1
2
01/1304/1307/1310/1301/1
4
04/1407/1410/1401/15
Figure 5.1 Sample simulation result of Alpha1 by WebSim
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 44 ===
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 45 ===
How to Develop an Alpha: A Case Study 35
Annual return is defined as:
 Ann ann pnl__ //return booksize 2  
The annual return measures the profitability of the alpha.
The information ratio is the single most important metric we will 
look at. It is defined as:
 
Informationr atio average daily returnd aily volatility_/
*s qrt 256  
The information ratio measures the information contained in the 
alpha, which roughly means the stability of the alpha’s profitability: 
higher is better.
Max drawdown  measures the highest peak-to-trough loss from a 
local maximum of the PnL to a subsequent local minimum as a percent-
age of book size divided by two (the long or short side of the book).
Percent profitable days measures the percentage of positive days in 
each year.
Daily turnover measures how fast you rebalance your portfolio and 
is defined as:
 Daily turnovera verage dollars traded each booksize_/ day  
Profit per dollar traded measures how much you made for each dol-
lar you traded and is defined as:
 Profit traded totalt raded dollar__ $_ /_ _per pnl  
For this alpha, the total information ratio is about 1, with a high return of 
about 31.2% but with a very high max drawdown of 39.22%. This means 
the risk is very high, so the PnL is not very stable. To reduce the simulated 
max drawdown, we need to remove some potential risks. We can achieve 
this by using some risk neutralization techniques. Industry risk and market 
risk are the biggest risks for the equity market. We can partially remove them 
by requiring our portfolios to be long–short balanced within each industry.
We neutralize our alpha by requiring:
 Sum Alpha2 value within same industry 0 
By doing this, we get a new sample result, as seen in Figure 5.2.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 46 ===
36 Finding Alphas
As Table 5.2 shows, the information ratio is increased to 1.37 and 
the return is decreased to 10.22%, but the max drawdown is decreased 
significantly, to less than 9%. This is a big improvement.
The magnitude of our alpha is five days’ return, which is not very 
accurate as a predictor; the relative size may be more accurate. To 
improve the alpha, we introduce the concept of cross-sectional rank, 
which means using the relative rank of the alpha values as the new 
alpha values.
 Alpha3r ankA lpha1  
 Sum Alpha3 value within same industry 0 
The results are reflected in Figure 5.3.
As can be seen from Table 5.3, we get another significant improve -
ment. Now the performance looks much better, but the turnover is still 
a little high. We can try to decrease it by using decay. Decay means 
averaging your alpha signal over some time window.
Basically, it means:
 New newo ld__ __alpha alpha weighted alpha 
When we try three days’ decay in WebSim, we get the results shown 
in Figure 5.4.
Cumulative pro/f_it
$6MM
$5MM
$4MM
$3MM
$2MM
$1MM
$0
01/1007/1010/1001/1104/1107/1110/1
1
01/1204/1
2
07/1210/1
2
01/1304/1
3
07/1310/1301/1
4
04/1
4
07/1
4
10/1401/15
Figure 5.2 Sample simulation result of Alpha2 by WebSim
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 47 ===
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 48 ===
38 Finding Alphas
Cumulative pro/f_it
$5MM
$4MM
$3MM
$2MM
$1MM
$0
04/1007/1010/1001/1104/1107/1110/1101/1204/1207/1210/1
2
01/1304/1307/1310/1301/1404/1
4
07/1
4
10/1401/15
Figure 5.3 Sample simulation result of Alpha3 by WebSim
Cumulative pro/f_it
$6MM
$5MM
$4MM
$3MM
$2MM
$1MM
$0
04/1007/1010/1
0
01/1104/1107/1110/1101/1
2
04/1207/1210/1201/1304/1307/1310/1
3
01/1404/1
4
07/1410/1
4
01/15
Figure 5.4 Sample simulation result of New_alpha by WebSim
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 49 ===
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 50 ===
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 51 ===
How to Develop an Alpha: A Case Study 41
Table  5.4 looks great. Not only is the turnover decreased, but the 
information ratio, return, and drawdown are also improved. Note that 
at each point, after evaluating the performance of the alpha, you can go 
back to the raw idea and make meaningful changes to further improve 
the alpha.
CONCLUSION
In this chapter, we have explained the logic behind an alpha, provided 
some examples of ideas, and discussed how to convert those ideas into 
mathematical expressions and translate them into instrument positions. 
We have also explained how to analyze and improve an alpha’s perfor-
mance. The entire alpha logic is nicely summarized by the flow chart 
in Figure 5.5.
You can think of more ways to improve an alpha – just be creative.
The next step is to explore other ideas and datasets, hunting for 
something really unique. A unique idea is good because you can trade it 
before others do, potentially leading to more profit.
Good luck!
1. Idea 2. Raw alpha 3. Position
4. PnL5. Performance
(IR, tvr, ret...)
OperationsExpression
Analyze
R
evise
Stats
ALPHA LOGIC
Figure 5.5 Five steps to creating alphas
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 52 ===
6
Data and Alpha Design
By Weijia Li
Data plays a central role in alpha design. First, basic data, such as the 
price and volume of a security, is necessary to run a backtesting simula-
tion. No matter what kind of alpha idea one wants to backtest, this basic 
information is required to calculate performance statistics like return, 
Sharpe ratio, and turnover. Without these statistics, we will never know 
whether an alpha idea is good. Second, data itself can inspire alpha 
ideas – every alpha idea is associated with some sort of data. By observ-
ing the price–volume plots of some stocks, for example, we may find 
repeating patterns in the history that can be used to make predictions for 
the future. If we also have access to company earnings data, one idea 
would be to trade stocks based on fluctuations in earnings.
In this chapter, we will discuss the effective use of data in alpha 
design. Usually, finding data is the first step in alpha research. After the 
data is obtained, some sanity checks should be made to verify the data’s 
usability. Then we may start alpha research.
HOW WE FIND DATA FOR ALPHAS
Finding new data is a critical skill for an alpha researcher. We prefer 
alphas with good performance and low correlation; a new dataset can 
serve both purposes. Sometimes we can get signals from one set of data, 
but they may not be strong enough even after we have tried our best to 
improve them. If we can get another set of data and look at companies 
from a different angle, we may improve on the original signals. We 
always want to create uncorrelated alphas to diversify the alpha pool. 
However, even when the alpha ideas are different, signals from the same 
dataset may still be highly correlated. There can be an intrinsic correla-
tion between the signals because the same data has been used. If we 
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 53 ===
44 Finding Alphas
have a new dataset, it will inspire new ideas and new ways of using the 
dataset. Ideally, the alpha signals found in the new dataset will have a 
low correlation to signals that are based on different types of data. By 
using new data, we may achieve both performance improvement and 
diversification.
Data from Literature
It is nice to have new data to make new alphas, but how do we get 
new data? There are many possible sources. The most common is aca-
demic literature. If we search for “stock returns” on the internet, we can 
find thousands of papers that are trying to establish ways of capturing 
“abnormal returns” (i.e. alphas). In those papers, we learn about the 
data used in their studies: price–volume, fundamentals, earnings, and 
so forth. Once we get that data, we can try the same methods used in 
the paper to develop an alpha. It is also possible to find information by 
scanning for publicly available content on the internet. Bear in mind 
that the less well known the data, the more valuable it can be. If the data 
is well known, many people may have similar alpha models, which can 
gradually arbitrage away the alpha. However, there is a possibility that 
even if the data is popular, no one has applied it the way we will, so it 
may still be useful.
Data from Vendors
Data is valuable, and providing it is a business. There are many vendors 
that specialize in collecting, parsing, processing, and delivering data. 
If the data is simple, vendors may provide only the raw data they have 
collected, such as price and volume. Sometimes vendors do parsing and 
processing before providing data to their clients; fundamental data is an 
example. For unstructured yet sophisticated data, such as news, Twit-
ter posts, and so on, vendors typically apply natural language process-
ing techniques to analyze the content of the raw data. They provide 
machine-readable data to their clients instead of raw data that is only 
human-readable. Some vendors even sell alpha models directly – this 
means the data itself is the output of alpha models. The clients need 
only to load the data and trade according to it. Such alpha models are 
risky, however, because they may be overfit and/or overcrowded, with 
many clients of the same vendor trading the same model. To avoid these 
risks, the users of these models must test them carefully out of sample 
(OS), after the data is point-in-time, and use them in nontrivial ways.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 54 ===
Data and Alpha Design 45
DATA VALIDATION
When alpha researchers get new data, the first thing they need to do – 
before checking alpha signals on it – is check the data’s usability. In 
alpha simulation, the data delivery time is a very important factor. Any 
piece of data is useless if it does not have a timestamp. This is because 
without knowing the time a data point is created, we cannot effectively 
chart its progression; essentially, we are using the data blindly. Only 
with the correct timestamp can we do correct simulations. If we attempt 
to use the data before it is available, we will have forward-looking bias, 
which will make the alpha’s performance look amazing in simula-
tion but will be unrealizable in live trading. If we do not use the data 
promptly, the alpha will not perform up to its potential. For example, 
if Apple’s earnings exceeded expectations, its stock price most likely 
would increase, all other things being equal; the earnings announce-
ment would be a good time to buy. If, however, we waited a week to 
buy Apple, we would not be able to realize those gains because the 
good news already would have been priced into the stock. So for every 
dataset we want to use in alpha research, we need to learn about the 
data delivery timeline and take care to access the data only when it is 
available, to make sure that we do not have forward-looking bias and 
that we get meaningful simulation results. We also need to ensure that 
the data can support alpha production – that the data will be generated 
in the future following a reliable schedule. Sometimes we learn that the 
data producer will cease to generate the data. In this case, the data is not 
usable for an alpha because there is no way to get more data in real time.
Another possible problem is survival bias. Even if a data vendor pro-
vides an alpha model that performs well when it is tested, this does not 
mean the model will perform well in the future. That is because we do 
not know how many models the vendor developed before this single 
model was selected. If the vendor tried 1,000 models and only one sur-
vived, we may face survival bias. The bias is introduced by the vendor 
and out of our control. In this case, some out-of-sample testing period 
for the dataset might be useful. Out-of-sample testing is helpful because 
it is not conducted in a controlled universe and strong performance is a 
good indicator of an alpha’s robustness.
In historical simulations, one bad data point can kill the entire alpha 
signal. In live production, it is very dangerous to assume that the data 
always is correct. If the data goes wrong, it can distort the alpha sig-
nals and potentially cause significant losses. When using data in alpha 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 55 ===
46 Finding Alphas
design, we always should consider conducting a sanity check. We should 
do some basic checking, such as removing outliers in the alpha code. 
These basic safeguards help ensure that our alpha will be more robust.
UNDERSTAND THE DATA BEFORE USING IT
Serious alpha research is based on a deep understanding of the data. For 
some simple data, just crunching the numbers to create an alpha may 
be fine. For complicated data, however, a deep understanding makes an 
essential difference in alpha research. Sometimes we need to acquire 
extra knowledge. To understand hundreds of fundamental factors, we 
need to learn some concepts of corporate finance. Only when we fully 
comprehend the data can we come up with alpha ideas that will be more 
robust and more likely to survive.
EMBRACE THE BIG DATA ERA
Nowadays, the available data is growing explosively, in variety, vol-
ume, and velocity. In the past, traders might have considered only 
price– volume and fundamental data in predicting stock price move-
ments. Today there are many more choices, which allow many interest-
ing ideas. Kamstra et al. (2002) presented a “SAD” (seasonal affective 
disorder) effect: stock market returns vary seasonally with the length 
of the day. Hirshleifer and Shumway (2003) found that the morning 
sunshine at a country’s leading stock exchange could predict the market 
index returns that day. Preis et al. (2013) made use of Google trend data 
to develop an alpha that beat the market significantly: a 326% return 
versus a 16% return.
A huge amount of data is created every day. Take the US equity mar-
ket: the Level 1 tick data is about 50 gigabytes per day, and the Level 2  
tick data exceeds 100 gigabytes per day. Social media also contribute 
lots of data, with Twitter users sending out 500 million tweets, on aver-
age, every day.
Today, data is created quickly. The latency for high-frequency trad-
ing firms can be measured in single-digit microseconds. Data ven-
dors are trying to push the data speed to the limit in hopes of gaining 
more clients.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 56 ===
Data and Alpha Design 47
More data is always better, as long as we can handle it. It is very 
challenging to manage the rapid growth of data. There may be cost con-
siderations for storage devices, computing machines, customized data-
bases, and so forth. Yet, if data can be used correctly and efficiently, we 
can target better alphas.
CONCLUSION
In alpha research, the search for data is always a high priority. Given 
the many types of data available, it is challenging to find the most suit-
able data for alpha research, but when we succeed, the rewards can 
be considerable. One information-rich dataset can inspire many alpha 
ideas and generate many alphas. A single good data source can make a 
big difference in the performance of an alpha or a portfolio. Therefore, 
investment in data searching, data cleaning, and data processing is an 
important part of alpha creation.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 57 ===
7
Turnover
By Pratik Patel
We generally measure the accuracy and quality of an alpha’s predictions 
by metrics such as the information ratio (IR) and the information coef-
ficient (IC). The IR is the ratio of excess returns over a benchmark to the 
variability of those returns; the idea behind it is that an alpha with high 
excess returns and low variability consistently predicts future returns 
over a given time period. The IC measures the correlation between the 
predicted and actual values, in which a value of 1.0 represents perfect 
forecasting ability.
In the context of evaluating the strength of an alpha, a high IR and 
a high IC are obviously desirable, but we usually measure an alpha’s 
return prediction ability irrespective of real-world constraints. We 
assume liquidity is endless, trading is free, and there are no other mar -
ket participants but ourselves. However, as actual trading strategies 
must abide by certain constraints, an alpha that often makes predictions 
correctly will be more easily leveraged if it also satisfies reasonable 
assumptions about market conditions.
ALPHA HORIZON
Predictions change as new information becomes available. Whether a 
stock moved one tick, an analyst revised his recommendation, or a com-
pany released earnings, this change in information can be a catalyst for 
trading activity. We measure this trading via turnover: the total value 
traded divided by the total value held. A company’s stock price changes 
much more often than its earnings per share, so it follows that an alpha 
based on price movements (e.g. price reversion) will usually have a 
higher turnover than an alpha based solely on company fundamentals. 
Because more trading opportunities provide more opportunities to 
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 58 ===
50 Finding Alphas
capture returns, we typically find the IR and IC tend to be higher for 
price-movement alphas than for fundamental alphas.
More specifically, the turnover of an alpha is related to its predic-
tion horizon – that is, the amount of time in the future for which the 
price movement is being predicted. For example, an alpha with a 
horizon of five days aims to predict the price movement from now 
until five days from now. We find that the longer the horizon, the 
greater the uncertainty; a meteorologist can predict the weather 
tomorrow much more accurately than the weather two months from 
now, and we can predict what we will be doing next week better 
than what we will be doing at this time next year. The ability to 
take advantage of rapidly changing information and react accord-
ingly typically increases the quality of the prediction. Similarly, in 
alpha research we expect a higher-turnover alpha with a shorter fore-
cast horizon to have better predictive power than a lower-turnover, 
longer-term alpha.
However, it is also clear that execution time becomes a constraint as 
the horizon becomes shorter. A trader using an alpha with a five-day 
horizon would need to trade into the position today and trade out of 
it five days later to fully capture this price movement. In comparison, 
an alpha with a horizon of three months allows for a much longer time 
between trades to capture the price movement, resulting in fewer trades 
and lower turnover over the same time period. For very short-term 
alphas (e.g. seconds to minutes), it may even be necessary to cross the 
spread to get into the desired position, incurring high transaction costs. 
With their longer execution times, longer-horizon alphas allow better 
execution optimization, as well as higher capital capacity. It is possible 
to invest more capital in the alphas before the profits are outweighed by 
the market impact costs.
THE COST OF A TRADE
Every trade has a cost. When buying a stock, we not only pay a commis-
sion to the broker, we also pay a spread cost. The highest price a buyer 
is offering for a stock (the bid) is usually below the lowest price a seller 
is willing to accept (the ask); this is the bid–ask spread. To realize a 
positive return, you must sell what you bought at a higher price than you 
purchased it at, or, in the case of a short trade, buy back the borrowed 
shares at a lower price than you sold them at.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 59 ===
Turnover 51
We expect these costs to be proportional to the liquidity of the uni -
verse or market in question. Spreads are kept tight in liquid markets 
because there is plenty of interest from buyers and sellers at any point 
in time; when a buyer crosses the spread to move the bid price up, a 
seller is typically readily available to take advantage of the favorable 
price move and bring the ask price back down. On the other hand, when 
liquidity is low or investor interest piles up on one side, prices are more 
easily moved, increasing volatility and widening the spread. The top 
500 most liquid stocks in the US equity market have an average spread 
of about 5 basis points (bps). In comparison, smaller markets, like 
those in Southeast Asia, may have average spreads as wide as 25–30 
bps.1 Clearly, the cost of trading is much higher in these markets, so it 
becomes more important to understand whether the alpha’s horizon and 
turnover profile are suitable for the market. An argument can be made 
that these markets are less efficient (i.e. have higher volatility), leaving 
larger opportunities for return, and this is certainly true as long as the 
return of the alpha justifies the cost of its trading.
When we charge trading costs to alphas, we will likely see that 
longer-horizon alphas have lower overall trading costs than shorter-  
horizon alphas. Moreover, it’s possible that the lower trading cost of a 
longer-horizon alpha may also improve its overall performance com -
pared with a shorter-horizon alpha, even though the opposite may be 
true before costs. The picture can look very different once real-world 
constraints are imposed, so it is beneficial to be mindful of this during 
the research process.
To illustrate this effect in the context of alpha construction, consider 
two hypothetical alphas that use price and volume data to predict prices 
on the following day. Both alphas operate on the same set of instru -
ments, and let us assume that both alphas have the same return and IR. 
The first invests in instruments based on their recent volatility, while the 
second invests based on their current market volume.
1 std(returns)
volume2l og( )
We see that the first alpha is investing in more-volatile instruments, 
but as high-volatility stocks tend to have lower volume and wider 
1 These are estimates based on our WebSim simulation results. For reference only.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 60 ===
52 Finding Alphas
spreads, it is difficult for a strategy to allocate a large amount of capi-
tal given the challenge in turning those returns into actual profits. The 
second alpha, meanwhile, is investing in more-liquid large-cap instru-
ments and is likely to perform better when subjected to more-realistic 
trading assumptions. If we also pretend that volume data is more stable 
over time relative to volatility, we would expect turnover for the second 
alpha to be lower, further increasing its appeal.
THE CROSSING EFFECT
So should we only look at after-cost performance when evaluating 
alphas? Why even bother with evaluating alphas before cost? Just charge 
trading costs on all alphas and the problem is solved, right? Unfortu-
nately, it’s not that simple. Typically, an individual alpha is too weak 
and unlikely to perform well as a strategy on its own; to build a poten-
tially profitable trading strategy, a portfolio manager generally needs 
to combine multiple alphas. Combining many diverse alphas results in 
a stronger, more informed prediction that is more likely to overcome 
transaction costs and other trading constraints. A diverse alpha pool 
requires diverse ideas, methods, and data, resulting in alphas with a 
wide range of turnover profiles. To put it another way: there is diver -
sity in alpha turnover. Alphas with different horizons are likely taking 
into account different types of information, and this may result in lower 
correlations.
When alphas are combined in a single strategy, the alphas’ oppos-
ing trades “cross.” Consider an alpha that is looking to buy 200 shares 
of IBM and is combined with another that has a contrarian view and 
suggests selling 300 shares of IBM. Assuming both alphas have equal 
weights of 1, the resulting combined alpha will sell 100 IBM shares. 
Two hundred shares of IBM “cross” and no transaction costs are 
incurred; the trade never goes out to the market and is therefore cost- 
free. Costs are incurred only on the 100 shares that the combined alpha 
will be trading.
If there is adequate crossing among a set of alphas, the turnover and 
overall trading costs of the resulting combined alpha may be lower than 
the turnover and trading costs of the individual alphas. In this way, 
we can still make use of higher-turnover alphas to increase prediction 
power while keeping trading costs under control. Although charging 
trading costs on the individual alphas and seeing how those alphas 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 61 ===
Turnover 53
perform would be a viable test, making this a strict requirement would 
be overly restrictive. With the understanding that turnover should still 
be controlled on the individual alphas, their after-cost performance is 
less meaningful if their contributions to the combined alpha perfor -
mance are significantly better due to this crossing effect.
CONTROLLING TURNOVER
Information is changing all the time, but (1) not all types of information 
change at the same rate, and (2) not all information is particularly use -
ful. For the sake of illustration, let us assume that our alpha signal is just 
the underlying data, with no special transformations, i.e.
data
The data is the prediction, and it is clear that the data frequency drives 
the alpha’s turnover: The more the data changes, the higher the turnover.
At one extreme, suppose our data is the daily price of each stock. We 
will buy if the price previously went up and we will sell if it previously 
went down. Prices change on almost every executed trade, so we can 
expect our alpha to have very high turnover. But we understand that 
most of the trades in the market are inconsequential and we will likely 
be trading a lot more than we’d like. As a result, it’s very likely that our 
alpha will lose money, on average.
Quarterly company announcements, meanwhile, occur only a 
handful of times per year, and an alpha making its predictions based 
solely on this data will naturally have few trading opportunities and 
low turnover. But this data is inherently sparse. If we do not pay 
any attention to this fact, plotting the daily turnover of the alpha 
may show spikes of trading activity around these quarterly events. 
This suggests that the alpha may be trading into the position very 
quickly and potentially trading out too soon. We understand that 
such an alpha has a longer horizon, so such trading spikes may be 
suboptimal. Thus, even naturally low-  turnover alphas may have 
room for improvement by smoothing the data and spreading out the 
trading over a longer period. Entire books have been written in sig -
nal processing and similar fields on various methods for processing 
and transforming data. For our purposes, a few simple, high-level 
approaches should suffice.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 62 ===
54 Finding Alphas
First, it is useful to determine whether very large values in the data 
are meaningful or if they are just anomalies (i.e. outliers). If tests show 
that they are indeed outliers, one way to reduce them is to simply clamp 
the data by reducing the large data points to predefined minimum and 
maximum values, e.g.
clampd ata _value _value(, min, max)
The bounds can be chosen in a variety of ways, such as some percen-
tile of the data distribution or some number of standard deviations. The 
approach and the associated parameters will depend on the nature of the 
data and can be evaluated via backtesting, taking caution to try only a 
few sensible approaches and to avoid overfitting.
On the other hand, it could be the smallest changes in the data that 
cause unnecessary trading. The assumption here is that these small 
movements are just noise that we need to remove from our data. Sup -
pose that tests show that the small changes in data are completely 
unnecessary and the desired course of action is to not trade at all unless 
the change is significant. One simple approach could be to require the 
change to exceed a threshold (or “hump”) and otherwise preserve the 
previous value.
delta data datat 1 –
humped_delta humpd elta threshold(, )
data humpedd eltat 1 _
Here, the humped delta is 0 if abs(delta) is less than the thresh -
old. This ultimately removes all changes in the data less than the 
provided threshold, which should provide a significant reduction in 
turnover for our alpha. However, the hump approach results in a more 
concentrated trading profile; alpha values will remain unchanged 
for a period of time until the threshold is crossed, at which point a 
large trading event will occur. There’s nothing wrong with this if 
it’s the desired effect. In other cases, the trades can be smoothed 
(decayed) rather than stopped completely by using an exponential 
moving average
**datatt 1 1
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 63 ===
Turnover 55
or a simple or weighted moving average
** *data data datatt nt n11
These approaches can provide a similar reduction in turnover, but with 
a smoother trading profile. When slowing down the signals in this manner, 
deciding which method and parameters to use will depend on the data and 
the alpha’s horizon. With careful experimentation and backtesting, we can 
choose an optimal point where the outliers and noise are reduced, the sig-
nal is smoothed, the turnover is lowered, and the performance is increased. 
However, reducing the turnover too much (i.e. beyond the alpha’s horizon) 
will result in degraded performance, as the signal will be slowed beyond 
the point necessary to capture the return. Faster-moving signals with 
shorter horizons can tolerate less decay than those with longer horizons, 
so it is important to optimize the trade-off between the return and turnover.
EXAMPLES
To illustrate the effect of turnover on costs, consider the well-known 
five-day reversion alpha, which assumes all prices will eventually revert 
to the average price. A simple implementation of such an alpha is to sell 
stocks whose prices have gone up over the past five days, and vice versa:
( )α −=− 51* close – closett
Two versions of the alpha are shown in Figure 7.1. The first is run 
on the top 3,000 most liquid stocks in the US market, neutralized by 
industry. The second is run on only the top 1,000 most liquid stocks. 
The graph shows the performance before and after cost (i.e. charging 
half of the spread cost to every trade in the backtest).
When we evaluate an alpha before cost, we typically see that a wider 
universe will improve the information ratio; in a larger universe, there 
are more “bets” to make, which helps to diversify the portfolio and 
decrease potential risk. We can see, however, that the performance 
looks quite different when we consider the additional cost of the trades. 
The effect of this cost is much larger on the wider, less-liquid universe. 
Comparing the margins ($pnl/$traded) in the table of statistics below 
the graph, we see a deterioration of about 4 bps in the after-cost margin 
of the top 1,000 version. Because the top 3,000 version contains stocks 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 64 ===
56 Finding Alphas
that are less liquid and therefore have a higher cost, we see a much 
larger deterioration of nearly 10 bps, even though both versions have 
roughly similar turnover. It follows that the liquidity of the alpha plays 
a significant role in determining the cost of turnover.
The daily turnover of this alpha is roughly 63%. Let’s see how the 
alpha characteristics change when we attempt to control the turnover of 
the signal by using the linear decay method over the past 20 time periods:
 ββ β −−α= + + + 11* data * data … * datat t n tn  
Figure  7.2 shows the before- and after-cost performances of the 
decayed version of the alpha. As expected, the turnover is significantly 
Top3000
Top3000Cost
Top1000
Top1000Cost
6.0e+08
4.0e+08
2.0e+08
–2.0e+08
–4.0e+08
–6.0e+08
–8.0e+08
–1.0e+09
–1.2e+09
0.0e+00
2011
/01
2012
/01
2013/01 2014/01
2015/01
2016/01
2017/01
2018/01
2010/01
Top3000
date
20090102-20180413
date
20090102-20180413
date
20090102-20180413
date
20090102-20180413
long
500.36
long
500.36
long
500.01
long
500.01
short
–499.64
short
–499.64
short
–499.99
short
–499.99
pnl
576.24
ret
12.33%
tvr
63.01%
tvr
63.01%
sharpe[
1.26[
sharpe[
–2.33[
sharpe[
1.02[
sharpe[
–0.16[
ir]
0.08]
ir]
–0.15]
ir]
0.06]
ir]
–0.01]
vol
9.82%
vol
9.74%
dd
–212.02%
dd
–13.50%
mgn
3.92
Top3000Cost pnl
–1061.69
ret
–22.69%
mgn
–7.22
Top1000
pnl
512.45
pnl
–82.38
ret
10.97%
ret
–1.75%
tvr
62.98%
tvr
62.98%
vol
10.73%
dd
–13.19%
mgn
3.48
Top1000Cost
vol
10.69%
dd
–37.68%
mgn
–0.56
Figure 7.1 Example of a five-day reversion alpha run on the top 3,000 most 
liquid stocks in the US market, neutralized by industry, and on the top 1,000 
most liquid stocks
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 65 ===
Turnover 57
lowered (from 63% to 19%) at the expense of some of the performance 
before cost; IR and returns are both lower than in the original version. 
More important, the decay increases the margin substantially (from 3.9 
bps to 9.02 bps), which significantly improves the after-cost performance.
However, it is important to note that although the top 1,000 after-cost 
alpha outperforms the top 3,000, and the top 3,000 version does not per-
form particularly well on its own after cost, even after reducing turnover, 
this does not imply that the top 3,000 alpha is less useful. As mentioned 
previously, an individual alpha typically is not strong enough to perform 
well after costs on its own. The key factor in strategy construction is the 
effect of crossing among alphas when they are combined. A universe with 
more instruments will naturally have a higher probability of crossing, and 
Top3000
Top3000Cost
Top3000Decay
Top3000DecayCost
6.0e+08
2.0e+08
0.0e+00
–4.0e+08
–6.0e+08
–8.0e+08
–1.0e+09
–1.2e+09
–2.0e+08
4.0e+08
2010/01 2011/01 2012/01 2013/0
1
2014/0
1
2015/01 2016/01 2017/0
1
2018/01
Top3000
date
20090102-20180413
date
20090102-20180413
date
20090102-20180413
date
20090102-20180413
long
500.36
long
500.36
long
500.14
long
500.14
short
–499.64
short
–499.64
short
–499.86
short
–499.86
pnl
576.24
pnl
–1061.69
ret
12.33%
tvr
63.01%
sharpe[
1.26[
ir]
0.08]
vol
9.82%
dd
–13.50%
mgn
3.92
Top3000Cost
ret
–22.69%
tvr
63.01%
sharpe[
–2.33[
ir]
–0.15]
vol
9.74%
dd
–212.02%
mgn
–7.22
Top3000Decay
pnl
396.93
ret
8.50%
tvr
18.84%
sharpe[
0.86[
ir]
0.05]
vol
9.83%
dd
–14.33%
mgn
9.02
Top3000DecayCost
pnl
–105.42
ret
–2.22%
tvr
18.84%
sharpe[
–0.23[
ir]
–0.01]
vol
9.81%
dd
–33.04%
mgn
–2.40
Figure 7.2 The before- and after-cost performances of the five-day rever-
sion alpha’s decayed version
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 66 ===
58 Finding Alphas
just as the before-cost performance of wider universes typically exceeds 
that of smaller ones, the same is true on the strategy and portfolio levels.
The frequency of crossing also depends on the turnover profile of 
the alphas. Alphas with sparser trading profiles will have fewer cross -
ing opportunities, on average, than those with more uniform trading. 
A five-day reversion alpha, for example, will generally trade a similar 
amount each day as long as the market volatility remains constant. An 
earnings–momentum alpha, meanwhile, will likely exhibit a cyclical 
turnover pattern, with spikes in activity around the most common times 
of earnings announcements. Consider the following alpha, which takes 
long positions on stocks N days before the earnings announcement:
 10if 0 < days_until_earnings_announcement < elseN  
The performance of the alpha run on the top 3,000 most liquid stocks 
in the US, neutralized by industry, is shown in Figure 7.3. The average 
turnover of 35% is well below the 63% turnover of our reversion alpha. 
4.0e+08
3.5e+08
2.5e+08
1.5e+08
1.0e+08
5.0e+07
0.0e+00
2.0e+08
3.0e+08
2010/01 2011/01 2012/01 2013/01 2014/01 2015
/01
2016/01
2017/01
2018/0
1
EarningsMom
date
20090601-20180403
long
498.99
short
–499.21
pnl
359.68
ret
8.08%
tvr
35.27%
sharpe[
1.59[
ir]
0.10]
vol
5.10%
dd
–7.28%
mgn
4.59
Figure 7.3 The performance of the alpha run on the top 3,000 most liquid 
US stocks, neutralized by industry
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 67 ===
Turnover 59
However, Figure 7.4, showing the alphas’ daily turnover, illustrates that 
although the earnings–momentum alpha has a lower turnover, on aver-
age, it has much higher turnover spikes several times each year.
Visualizing and analyzing the liquidity, turnover, and trading patterns 
of alphas can provide useful insights. In this example, it would be worth 
examining whether the trades on the lower-turnover days are generating 
any meaningful value or should be filtered out, or whether the spikes 
can be smoothed out by gradually trading into the position over several 
days rather than making abrupt (binary) trades. Understanding the char-
acteristics and trading behavior of the alpha can reveal more opportuni-
ties to improve its predictive power, as well as useful feedback on how 
the alpha can be used in a strategy under real-world constraints.
TUNING THE TURNOVER
Smoothing methods such as linear decay may actually improve the 
performance of sparse signals with very few trading events. Winsoriz-
ing (limiting extreme values) or decaying the data itself may also help 
160.0%
140.0%
120.0%
100.0%
80.0%
60.0%
40.0%
20.0%
0.0%
2010/01 2011/01 2012/01 2013/01 2014/01 2015/01 2017/01 2018/012016/01
EarningsMom
5DayRev
Figure 7.4 The daily turnover of two alphas run on the top 3,000 most 
liquid US stocks
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 68 ===
60 Finding Alphas
to reduce the turnover in cases where excessive sensitivity to changes 
in information leads to unnecessary changes in position. The utility of 
any single technique will ultimately depend on the alpha. Regardless of 
the result, an understanding of how the alpha behaves at various turn-
overs gives us a sense of its tradability. An alpha that maintains most of 
its return is generally more easily leveraged than one that loses all its 
return after a slight turnover reduction.
To understand the robustness and tradability of an alpha idea, it is 
important to test it on a variety of universes of instruments and to under-
stand the liquidity of each market. A given level of turnover might be 
acceptable in the most-liquid universes but become untradable when 
extended to include less-liquid instruments; a level that works in one 
country might not work in a less developed market. For example, an 
alpha that trades the top 500 most liquid US equities with X% turnover 
may be perfectly acceptable, but for a similar alpha for a larger universe 
with less-liquid instruments (e.g. the top 3,000 most liquid stocks in 
the US), or an alpha trading a developing market, it would be wise to 
evaluate the performance at lower turnovers, keeping in mind the cost 
of trading.
A good level of turnover is one that maximizes the ratio between the 
profit or IR and the turnover. More important, the exercise of testing 
and analyzing an alpha’s performance across different liquidity sets and 
under varying turnover levels can provide insights and confidence in 
that alpha’s robustness and tradability. In the end, it’s all relative.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 69 ===
8
Alpha Correlation
By Chinh Dang and Crispin Bui
Alphas are evaluated by many different metrics, such as the informa-
tion ratio, return, drawdown, turnover, and margin. These metrics are 
derived mainly from the alpha’s profit and loss (PnL). For example, 
the information ratio is just the average returns divided by the standard 
deviation of returns. Another key quality of an alpha is its uniqueness, 
which is evaluated by the correlation coefficient between a given alpha 
and other existing alphas. An alpha with a lower correlation coefficient 
normally is considered to be adding more value to the pool of exist-
ing alphas.
If the number of alphas in the pool is small, the importance of cor -
relation is low. As the number of alphas increases, however, different 
techniques to measure the correlation coefficient among them become 
more important in helping the investor diversify his or her portfolio. 
Portfolio managers will want to include relatively uncorrelated alphas 
in their portfolios because a diversified portfolio helps to reduce risk. A 
good correlation measure needs to identify the uniqueness of one alpha 
with respect to other alphas in the pool (a smaller value indicates a good 
uniqueness). In addition, a good correlation measure has the ability to 
predict the trend of movement of two alpha PnL vectors (time-series 
vectors). The correlation among alphas can be computed based on alpha 
PnL correlation or alpha value correlation.
ALPHA PnL CORRELATION
Given two alpha PnL vectors (we use bold letters for vectors):
 
[ ]=∈
=∈


12
12
, ,…,
, ,…,
T n
i i i in
T n
j j j jn
PP P
PP P
P
P  
(1)
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 70 ===
62 Finding Alphas
where Pit and Pjt denote the PnLs of ith and jth alphas on the tth day, n is the 
number of days used to measure correlation, and T  denotes the matrix trans-
position. Note: tests usually select the number of days for correlation as two 
or four years instead of a full history, to save computational resources.
Pearson Correlation Coefficient
The Pearson correlation coefficient, also known as the Pearson product- 
moment correlation coefficient, has no units and can take values from 
1 to 1. The mathematical formula was first developed by Karl Pear -
son in 1895:
 
r
ij
ij
cov,  PP
PP  
(2)
where cov ,EPP PP PPij ij ij
 is the covariance and Pi
 
and Pj
 are the standard deviations of Pi  and Pj , respectively. For two 
vectors of PnLs, the coefficient is computed by using the sample covari-
ance and variances. In particular,
 
r
PP PP
PP PP
t
n
it ij tj
t
n
it i t
n
jt j
1
1
2
1
2
.
 
(3)
The coefficient is invariant to linear transformations of either vari -
able. If the sign of the correlation coefficient is positive, it means that 
the PnLs of the two alphas tend to move in the same direction. When the 
return on Pi  is positive (negative), the return on Pj has a tendency to be 
positive (negative) as well. Conversely, a negative correlation coefficient 
shows that the PnLs of the two alphas tend to move in opposite direc -
tions. A zero correlation implies that there is no relationship between 
two PnL vectors. Figure 8.1 shows the variation of maximum correla -
tion as a function of trading signals, using two years’ worth of data.
Alphas seek to make predictions about the future movements of vari-
ous financial instruments. As a result, the analysis needs to be extended 
into a time series, which includes a sequence of random variables with 
the time index. In the case of an alpha PnL vector, the observation is the 
profit (+) or loss (−) of the alpha in one day. Below we briefly review 
the dot product, then discuss the temporal-based correlation.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 71 ===
Alpha Correlation 63
Temporal-Based Correlation
The dot (inner) product is defined as the sum of the products of the cor-
responding entries of the two sequences of numbers.
 P PP Pij ii.c os  (4)
where P  is the modulus, or magnitude, of the PnL vector and  is the angle 
between the two vectors. One important application of the dot product is to 
find the angle between two vectors because the angle  can be found via
 
cos . .PP
PP
ij
ii
t
n
it jt
t
n
it t
n
jt
PP
PP
1
1
2
1
2
 
(5)
When the angle is zero, the two PnL vectors fall on the same 
line and cos 1. When the angle is 
2
, the vectors are 
orthogonal and cos . 0
The temporal-based correlation considers each alpha’s PnL vector 
as a time-series sequence and assigns weight to the values on each day. 
The correlation between two PnL vectors is thus defined as:
 
r
wP P
wP wP
t
n
ti tj t
t
n
ti t t
n
tj t
1
1
2
1
2
.
 
(6)
Number of trading signals
10 100 1,000 10,000100,0001,000,00010,000,000
0.05
0.1
0.2
0.25
0.15Maximum correlation
0
MaxCorr
Figure 8.1 Variation of maximum correlation as a function of 
 trading signals
Tulchinsky571216_c08.indd   63Tulchinsky571216_c08.indd   63 8/7/2019   7:52:39 PM8/7/2019   7:52:39 PM
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 72 ===
64 Finding Alphas
Naturally, larger weights are assigned to recent PnL values (wwtt 1,  
tn 1, ,… ). For example, w t
n
t 1,  which is inversely proportional to 
the time index t. The formula transforms input pairs of vectors ( P Pij, ) 
into time-scaled vectors and then computes the angle between the two 
scaled vectors:
 
=∈
=∈


11 2 2
11 2 2
, , … , 
, , … , .
T n
i i i n in
T n
jj jn jn
' wP wP w P
' wP wP w P
P
P  
(7)
As a result, the temporal-based correlation still preserves many 
desirable aspects of the traditional dot product, such as commutative, 
distributive, and bilinear properties.
The Pearson correlation coefficient can be computed here for the two 
scaled vectors in Equation  7. We can see that the centered variables 
have zero correlation or are uncorrelated in the sense of the Pearson 
correlation coefficient (i.e. the mean of each vector is subtracted from 
the elements of that vector), while orthogonality is a property of the 
raw variables. Zero correlation implies that the two demeaned vectors 
are orthogonal. The demeaning process often changes the angle of each 
vector and the angle between two vectors. Therefore, two vectors could 
be uncorrelated but not orthogonal, and vice versa. For further informa-
tion about linear independent, orthogonal, and uncorrelated variables, 
see Joseph Rodgers et al. (1984).
Generalized Correlation
Data transformation can be an important tool for proper data analysis. 
There are two kinds of transformations: linear and nonlinear. A linear 
transformation (such as multiplication or addition of a constant) preserves 
the linear relationships among the variables, so it does not change the cor-
relation among the variables. Below we will consider nonlinear transfor-
mations, which typically modify the correlation between two variables.
The two correlation formulas above compute correlation coefficients 
using daily PnL values. The generalized correlation creates a matrix 
M kn
, then transforms the two PnL vectors to a different Euclidean space:
 
×
×
=∈
=∈

 .
kn k
ii
kn k
jj
QP
QP
M
M  
(8)
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 73 ===
Alpha Correlation 65
The regular correlation now is computed in the transformed domain, 
with some additional features added by the transformed matrix M kn
.  
If MIkn nn
 is the identity matrix, we obtain the regular correlation 
scheme. Here we take a look at some other particularly useful trans -
formations.
The weekly PnL correlation is computed for weekly instead of daily 
PnL vectors. In this case, k n
5  and the transformation matrix becomes
 
M kn
ij n n
m ,
5  (9)
where mii t,* 15
1
5 i n t1 5 15,a nd ,  and all other elements 
are zero. The weekly correlation is usually higher than daily values, but 
it is another way to understand alphas. The monthly PnL correlation is 
computed using a similar approach.
The temporal-based correlation is another form of general -
ized correlation, corresponding to the square diagonal transforma -
tion matrix:
 M kn
ij nn
m ,  (10)
where mw ij
m
ij i
ij
,
,
if
otherwise0
. Under this transformation, the input PnL 
vectors are transformed into time-scaled vectors, as in Equation 7.
The sign PnL correlation is another form of PnL vector correlation, in 
which the correlation is computed over the signs of the PnL values instead of 
the values themselves. The transformation matrix now is a data- dependent 
diagonal matrix and its element values depend on input PnL vectors. As a 
result, the input pairs (P Pij, ) are transformed into the following form:
 
( ) ( ) ( )
( ) ( ) ( )
=∈
=∈


12
12
sgn , sgn , … , sgn
sgn , sgn , … , sgn
T n
i i i in
T n
j j j jn
' PP P
' PP P
Q
Q  
(11)
where sgn x  is the sign (or signum) function and takes the values 
10 1,, , corresponding to (positive, zero, negative) values of x.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 74 ===
66 Finding Alphas
ALPHA VALUE CORRELATION
Denote the alpha position vector on the tth day by
 
( ) ( ) ( ) ( )αα α=∈ 12 , , … , 
Tt tt t m
i i i imα  (12)
where m is the number of instruments, ik
t
km  is (or is propor-
tional to) the amount of money invested in kth
 instrument, and k
m
ik
t
1  
is (or is proportional to) the total amount of money invested in the port-
folio. It is sometimes useful to consider the alpha position vectors as 
well as the PnL vectors. In particular, portfolio managers often consider 
two correlation measures based on positions: the position correlation 
and the trading correlation.
The position correlation between two alphas over a period of d days 
is computed by forming the following two vectors:
 
( ) ( ) ( ) ( )
( ) ( ) ( ) ( )
=∈
=∈


12 *
12 *
, , … , 
, , … , .
Td md
i ii i
Td md
j jj j
α αα α
α αα α  
(13)
The trading correlation between two alphas over a period of d days is 
computed by forming the two difference vectors:
 
( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) ( )
( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) ( )
+
+
=− − − ∈
=− − − ∈


1 22 3 1 *
1 22 3 1 *
, , … , 
, , … , .
Td d md
i i ii i i i
Td d md
j j jj j i j
α α αα α α α
α α αα α α α  
(14)
Normally, it is enough to take d 20 days, so the alpha vector is of 
dimension 20 * the number of instruments in the universe. If two alphas 
take positions on different universes of instruments, the intersection of 
the two universes is used for the calculations.
CORRELATION WITH ALPHA POOL
The above correlation methods are used for checking the correlation 
between two individual alphas. Naturally, given a pool of alphas, the 
maximum correlation has been used as a measure of the value added by 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 75 ===
Alpha Correlation 67
a given alpha. As the number of alphas increases, the average correla -
tion becomes more important than a single max correlation.
T-corr is defined as the sum of the correlations of the given alpha 
with all other alphas. The average correlation and T-corr provide addi-
tional powerful measures of alpha value addition, along with the max 
correlation.
A correlation density distribution is more important than a singu -
lar maximum value or even the average correlation value. Table  8.1 
shows a sample histogram of correlation density (20 bins of size 0.1). 
Numerous features can be extracted from the histogram in addition to 
the maximum correlation and the average correlation. For example, the 
scaled average score of one alpha with the pool could be defined as 
j jc j
10
9
10*  (cj  is taken from Table 8.1). The score ranges in 11, ,  
which increases if the number of alphas with positive correlation 
increases or the number of alphas with negative correlation decreases.
Table 8.1 A histogram of correlation
Bins cnt(%) count_in_number
0.9 c9 0
0.8 c8 0
0.7 c7 0
0.6 c6 0
0.5 c5 0
0.4 c4 167
0.3 c3 5,102
0.2 c2 70,294
0.1 c1 283,436
0 c0 438,720
−0.1 c_1 286,478
−0.2 c_2 36,889
−0.3 c_3 1,293
−0.4 c_4 59
−0.5 c_5 0
−0.6 c_6 0
−0.7 c_7 0
−0.8 c_8 0
−0.9 c_9 0
−1 c_10 0
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 76 ===
68 Finding Alphas
CONCLUSION
We have surveyed several different approaches to evaluating the cor -
relations between the PnLs and positions of alphas and pools of alphas. 
There are, of course, more statistical and less algebraic approaches to 
evaluate correlation, such as Spearman’s rank correlation and the Ken-
dall rank correlation. Within the scope of this chapter, we have covered 
only some of the most common methods for evaluating alpha corre-
lation. PnL correlation can be evaluated over a longer period of time 
(2–4 years or longer) in comparison with alpha value correlation (which 
requires a short, recent period of time) because of the limitations of 
computational resources.
One reasonable idea often can be used to develop numerous alphas, 
depending on different techniques and datasets. Because they are devel-
oped using a single idea, these alphas have a tendency to be highly cor-
related. Sometimes there are instances when it is beneficial to combine 
some or all of these highly correlated alphas instead of selecting only 
one alpha and removing all others. Two alphas may have highly cor -
related historical performance, but the future is uncertain and it is not 
always clear which one may add more value in the future. Therefore, in 
terms of resource allocation for two high-correlation alphas (e.g. A and 
B), one can divide resources (not necessarily equally) between A and B 
instead of allocating all of the resources to a single alpha. A single alpha 
cannot fully describe every aspect of one idea, but each alpha represents 
that idea in a different way; hence, using all these alphas at once may 
provide a more complete view of the idea and make the overall strategy 
more robust.
The ultimate objective of alpha correlation is to find the true value of 
adding one new alpha, given a pool of existing alphas, which becomes 
increasingly important as the number of alphas grows toward the sky. 
Using multiple correlation approaches leads to a better understanding 
of the alpha signals in recent history as well as over a longer past period. 
An alpha based on a completely novel trading idea is generally unique 
and adds the most value to the alpha pool.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 77 ===
9
Backtest – Signal or 
Overfitting?
By Zhuangxi Fang and Peng Yan
INTRODUCTION
Over the past decade, quite a few quant funds have gained tremendous 
success in the financial markets through their alpha portfolios. But does 
that mean an alpha can effectively predict stock prices? More specifi-
cally, can quants predict the price of a given stock on a given date in 
the future? Unfortunately, we probably cannot make single predictions 
with any reasonable confidence. It is the nature of statistical arbitrage 
that prediction is possible only in a “statistical” sense: only over a large 
number of predictions do random errors average out to a usable level of 
accuracy in the aggregate. More interestingly, there are many ways of 
making such statistical price predictions.
STATISTICAL ARBITRAGE
The key underlying assumption of statistical arbitrage is that the prices 
of financial instruments are driven by consistent rules, which can be 
discovered from their historical behavior and applied to the future. 
The prices of financial instruments are influenced by multiple factors, 
including trading microstructures, fundamental valuation, and investor 
psychology. Therefore, it is to be expected that various kinds of price- 
driving rules can be discovered and used to create alphas. As the prices 
of securities are determined by multiple rules, or factors, not every rule 
will apply to any particular instrument at any given moment.
A real price-driving rule – and a good alpha based on this rule – 
should appear to be predictive with statistical significance when applied 
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 78 ===
70 Finding Alphas
to the collection of all investigated securities over all available trading 
days. A simple example is the well-known mean-reversion rule, which 
states that a stock’s price will tend to revert to its average price over 
time. Within a stock market, it is still easy to find stocks whose prices 
keep going up or down in some periods, with the average price consist-
ently trending in a particular direction. Yet aggregating over a collec -
tion of N stocks over M trading days, if N and M are sufficiently large, 
you will find more than 50% of these N M sample points obeying the 
mean-reverting rule.
Furthermore, even though they are based on the same underlying 
price-driving rule, different alphas can be created as long as they use 
different implementations of the rule. For example, to take advantage 
of the mean-reversion rule, using a variety of methods to calculate the 
mean and diverse ways to define the tendency of reversion could result 
in different alphas, all of which could be profitable and relatively uncor-
related. It is important to distinguish between the essential constraints 
that define an idea and specific implementation choices. Consider the 
wheel. Wheels are commonly round, but why do they have to be round? 
The real restriction on the shape of a wheel is that it must be convex 
and planar, with constant width. Under this rule, it is possible to make 
wheels in shapes other than round, as explained by the theory of the 
Reuleaux triangle. Because different implementations often have dif -
ferent strengths and weaknesses, a good ensemble of implementations 
is generally more robust than any individual instance.
BACKTESTING
There are two basic ways of generating signals: through ideas or through 
data. In the idea-driven process, the seed of an alpha design idea can be 
a hypothesis, a paper, a story, an inspiration, or just a random idea. In 
the data-driven process, signals come from datasets collected in-house 
or from data providers, but any potentially valuable signals found must 
be verified. Most research follows some form of hybrid methodology: 
an initial idea is revised based on the data, or a new data source moti -
vates a new direction of reading and research. For both methodologies, 
backtesting is a critical component of the process.
As in academic research, many assumptions are wrong and many tri-
als futile. Only a few of them have the potential to generate consistent 
profits in the real environment. In many cases, a researcher will have 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 79 ===
Backtest – Signal or Overfitting? 71
a strong belief that a model will work but will find after testing that it 
does not – or, conversely, the initially skeptical researcher may find 
great empirical value in an idea discovered by serendipity or a contrar-
ian hypothesis. The underlying force may be present in the market but 
have a weak effect that is outweighed by other factors, or the initial idea 
may simply be wrong because markets often behave counterintuitively.
Simulation and Backtesting
There are many possible methods to test the validity of a hypothesis, 
including:
 • A Monte Carlo simulation, which simulates the various sources of 
uncertainty that are affecting instrument values to get a range of 
resultant outcomes.
 • Pricing models, which calculate asset prices (for example, the Black–
Scholes options pricing model).
 • Explanatory models, which analyze what happened historically.
In our working environment, simulation means backtesting: the 
process of applying a specific model to unbiased historical data under 
certain market assumptions and risk constraints to test its simulated his-
torical performance. The implicit assumption of backtesting is that if 
the idea worked in history, then it is more likely to work in the future. 
A model will generally not be considered unless it has been validated 
in simulation.
Backtesting results are used for preselecting models, comparing dif-
ferent models, and judging the potential value of such alphas. These 
results can be assessed using various measures, such as returns, Sharpe 
ratio (return over risk), turnover (trading frequency), and correlation 
with other alphas.
Good backtesting results are not sufficient for a profitable strategy, 
however; many other factors will affect investment performance. As a 
general matter, investors should not invest capital based solely on back-
testing simulation results. Some of the reasons are:
 • The current market may not be the same as the historical period. 
Market rules are always changing, the balance of market participants 
shifts over time, and new theories and new technologies can affect 
market behavior.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 80 ===
72 Finding Alphas
 • The assumptions behind the simulation may not be realistic. To buy or 
sell assets, investors must execute trades that may affect the market, 
and they need to pay transaction costs or commissions. Reasonable 
estimates for those numbers are crucial when evaluating a simula-
tion result.
 • There could be possible forward-looking bias. If you saw someone 
following a trend and making a profit last year, you might think to test 
a trend-following model, and perhaps you could get a good historical 
simulation over the same year. Without a better understanding, you 
might or might not make a profit in future investments.
 • It could be a case of overfitting. Sometimes investors see good simu-
lation results that are simply due to random chance and have no pre-
dictive power.
OVERFITTING
The word “overfitting” comes from the statistical machine learning field. 
In the quant world, overfitting, or the apparent discovery of a price- driving 
rule that turns out to be incorrect, is an inherent risk in any backtesting 
framework. A spurious relationship may appear to be statistically signifi-
cant in the historical data on which it was developed, then disappear in the 
future and never show up again. An alpha such as “Stocks with the letter 
‘C’ in their tickers tend to rise on Wednesdays” is probably not a good 
one to invest in – even if it appears to have been profitable in the past.
This kind of phenomenon is frequently seen in a field closer to every-
day life. An apparent “3,964” formula was discovered before the 2006 
World Cup soccer competition. Argentina had won the championship 
in 1978 and 1986, years that added up to 3,964; Germany won in 1974 
and 1990, which added up to the same number; Brazil won in 1970 and 
1994, and again in 1962 and 2002. This formula looked beautiful until 
“statisticians” tried to use it to predict the 2006 championship. They 
contended that the World Cup would go to Brazil, which had won in 
1958 – but it went to Italy instead. Not surprisingly, the “rule” also 
failed in 2010, when Spain became a new member of the champions’ 
club. But instead of simply laughing at this false alpha, we can learn 
something sensible: among all the national teams, those that have won 
the championship tend to be more powerful than their rivals, so they 
may have a higher chance of winning again. The lesson is that purely 
playing with numbers may help you find some significant results, but 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 81 ===
Backtest – Signal or Overfitting? 73
to create good alphas it is important to recognize the underlying price- 
driving principle and separate it from spurious noise.
Every day, professional investors run huge numbers of simulations 
on historical data to seek patterns of price moves, using supercomput-
ers, clusters, and now the cloud. The risk of overfitting, or the discovery 
of spurious relationships, is especially high given the enormous com-
putational power of modern graphics-processing units. When you see 
especially good simulation results, you need to be careful to evaluate 
the overfitting risk of the models.
Suppose that a researcher is looking to identify at least one two- year- 
long backtesting period with an annualized Sharpe ratio higher than 1. 
If he tries enough strategy configurations, he will eventually find one 
even if the strategies are actually random, with an expected out- of- sample 
Sharpe ratio of 0. By trying a large enough number of strategy configu-
rations, a backtest can always be fitted to any desired performance for 
a fixed sample length.
A signal can be defined as a strategy configuration whose last M 
days’ daily PnL Sharpe ratio was higher than S. In Table 9.1, a mini-
mal Sharpe requirement runs across the top and the number of random 
simulations within which one can expect to see a signal satisfying the 
requirement runs down the left column. The numbers are generated by: 
(1) randomly produced 1 billion-length M normalized distribution vec-
tors; (2) checking how many of such random tries have absolute Sharpe 
ratios higher than S (if one signal has a very negative ratio, it can be 
flipped); and (3) calculating the expected number of simulations needed 
by dividing 1 billion by the number observed in no. 2.
Table 9.1 The number of backtest days required to meet various Sharpe 
ratio targets
Target Sharpe
No. of  
days 0.5 1.0 1.5 2.0 2.5 3.0
20 1.12 1.27 1.46 1.70 2.00 2.38
60 1.24 1.59 2.12 2.97 4.32 6.58
120 1.37 2.03 3.28 5.82 11.31 24.14
250 1.61 3.11 7.29 20.87 73.45 317.53
500 2.07 6.25 28.34 196.60 2,104.14 34,698.13
1,000 3.13 21.39 345.77 13,700.13 1,340,483 500,000,000
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 82 ===
74 Finding Alphas
HOW TO AVOID OVERFITTING
To reduce overfitting risks, multiple technologies have been proposed, 
such as ten fold cross-validation, regularization, and prior probability. 
Tenfold cross-validation is a process that breaks the data into ten sets 
of size n/ 10, trains the model on nine datasets, and tests on one, then 
repeats the process ten times and takes the mean accuracy. In statistics 
and machine learning, regularization is used in model selection to pre-
vent overfitting by penalizing models with extreme parameter values. 
Recently, papers have been published on overfitting issues in the quan-
titative investment field, including Bailey et al. (2014a), Bailey et al. 
(2014b), Beaudan (2013), Burns (2006), Harvey et al. (2014), Lopez de 
Prado (2013), and Schorfheide and Wolpin (2012).
Borrowing concepts from the statistical machine learning field, here 
are some specific guidelines on how to avoid overfitting:
Test out of sample: To evaluate an alpha model, an out-of-sample test 
needs to be a true out-of-sample test. That is, we build a model, test 
it daily in a real environment, and monitor how it performs. It is not 
a true out-of-sample test if (1) models are backtested based on the 
most recent N years’ data, then data from an earlier N year period is 
used as out-of-sample data; or (2) the model is backtested on a subset 
of the trading instruments and other instruments are used as out of 
sample. In the first case, the market history of the recent N years was 
influenced by prior history, so models that worked recently may also 
tend to work in that history. In the second case, different instruments 
are correlated; models with good performance in one universe tend 
to perform well in another.
Note: as the number of alphas being tested out of sample increases, 
the out-of-sample test becomes more biased. An alpha can perform 
randomly well due to luck. Out-of-sample performance at the single- 
alpha level is inadequate when many alphas are tested.
Increase the in-sample Sharpe ratio requirement: A higher Sharpe 
ratio reduces the risk of overfitting. If possible, it is better to test the 
model on a wider universe, where it should have a higher Sharpe, 
following the fundamental law of Sharpe ratios: the information ratio 
equals the information coefficient times the square root of breadth 
(Grinold and Kahn 1999). In the real world, unfortunately, there are 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 83 ===
Backtest – Signal or Overfitting? 75
often constraints on the total number of relevant tradable instruments 
or the subset of instruments covered by the dataset.
Test the model over a longer history: As Table 9.1 shows, lengthening 
the backtesting period decreases the probability of accidental overfit-
ting. However, longer is not always better because data may not be 
available for a long enough period or the market may have changed 
too much for the older history still to be meaningful.
Cross-validate on different instruments:  Good alpha models gener -
ally work across assets and regions. For example, equity models 
developed in the US can be applied to Europe and Asia.
Make the model elegant: An alpha is better if (1) it is simple and easy 
to understand; (2) it has a good theory or logic behind it, not just 
empirical discoveries; and (3) it can be explained and you can tell the 
story behind it. For example, “Alpha returns” may have the poten-
tial to be a good model, but “Alpha returns volume ” does not. 
The latter would not work because you cannot meaningfully add two 
different units (for example, returns use dollars and volume uses a 
whole number, such as shares).
Minimize parameters and operations: As in machine learning, mod-
els with fewer degrees of freedom are less sensitive to parameter 
change. This can help reduce the overfitting risks. The added value of 
spending extra time on fitting parameters or operations is generally 
small and at a certain point becomes negative as the risk of overfit -
ting outweighs the benefit of the improved fit.
CONCLUSION
The prices of financial instruments are driven by various rules and fac-
tors, which can form the basis of statistical arbitrage alphas. All alphas 
have failure modes, and no alpha works on all instruments under all 
conditions, but a reasonable combination of real alphas covering differ-
ent aspects of true price-driving rules is more likely to result in success-
ful profit-generating portfolios. Backtesting is necessary to develop and 
validate signals, but it runs the risk of overfitting. There are many ways 
to control the risk of overfitting; the all-encompassing idea is to find 
robust alphas that work as general principles and are not too sensitive to 
specific parameters or conditions.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 84 ===
76 Finding Alphas
Keep in mind that people glean ideas from academic research papers 
and sell-side research reports, but these papers and reports describe 
only good results; they cannot publish if the performance is not good 
enough. They don’t say how many times they have tried, and they don’t 
report failures. In many cases, their models cannot be reproduced.
In addition, financial markets have memory effects. Many quantita-
tive investors are looking at the same historical data. Some patterns 
occur in history for no discernible reason or for reasons that are outside 
the scope of what quantitative models can handle. Such patterns can be 
captured by not just one but a large number of noise models. Trading 
such highly fitted patterns can push market prices against the model to 
lose profit, especially at large trade sizes.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 85 ===
10
Controlling Biases
By Anand Iyer and Aditya Prakash
INTRODUCTION
Investment biases have been well studied, as is clear from both the aca-
demic literature and the field of behavioral finance, which is dedicated to 
understanding them. Although a quantitative investment process offers 
investors a means of managing and arbitraging such biases, many quan-
titative portfolio managers wind up introducing bias, systematically or 
otherwise. This chapter is a practitioner’s reflection on how to control 
bias and is aimed at quantitative portfolio managers and researchers.
We start by identifying two categories of bias, then explore various 
types of bias that exist within these categories. We conclude with some 
practical suggestions for quantitative practitioners and firms.
CATEGORIES OF BIAS
We broadly categorize bias as systematic or behavioral. Investors intro-
duce systematic bias by inadvertently coding it into their quantitative 
processes. By contrast, investors introduce behavioral bias by making 
ad hoc decisions rooted in their own human behavior. Over a period 
of time, both systematic and behavioral bias yield suboptimal invest-
ment outcomes.
SYSTEMATIC BIASES
There are two important sources of systematic bias: look-ahead bias 
and data mining.
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 86 ===
78 Finding Alphas
Look-Ahead Bias
In a simulation or backtest, when a signal or investment strategy at a given 
point in time uses data from a future point that would not have been known 
or available, it introduces look-ahead bias. This often makes the simula-
tion results appear better than they actually are. Although it is well under-
stood, look-ahead bias is surprisingly prevalent in the quantitative arena.
Look-Ahead Bias in Timestamping
One of the key causes of look-ahead bias is poor timestamping of data. 
Every datum should be dual timestamped with the occurrence datetime 
and the arrival datetime. The occurrence datetime identifies when the 
event associated with the data occurred. For example:
Analyst XYZ upgraded stock PQR to a buy on 20171017 10:00:00 EST
The arrival datetime is when the researcher received the informa-
tion of the aforementioned event from the data distributor or vendor. 
For example:
Vendor ABC delivered information of the above analyst upgrade on 
20171018 15:00:00 EST
Any signal keyed off the occurrence datetime instead of the arrival 
datetime will ignore the real-world delays associated with getting the 
data, which may result in unrealistic simulations.
In quantitative parlance, dual-timestamped data is also called point- in-
time data. Many time series, such as GDP estimates, are subject to fre-
quent revisions by the economists gathering and analyzing the data. Data 
vendors may also correct data errors over a period of time. In all such 
cases, dual timestamping reconstructs the data available at a point in time 
so that an accurate simulation may be conducted for that point in time.
Another form of poor timestamping relevant to global strategies is 
the failure to record the time zone in which the data is timestamped. 
This is especially relevant for strategies that trade different time zones 
simultaneously – for example, London and New York. Simulations of 
signals that trade simultaneously across different time zones can be 
accurately reconstructed by normalizing the data datetimes across time 
zones to a single time zone.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 87 ===
Controlling Biases 79
Last, quantitative portfolio managers rely on data vendors. Any 
look-ahead bias introduced in the vendor’s own data collection and dis-
semination process can make it into an investment model. Therefore, 
quantitative investors should accept only historical data that is dual 
timestamped and thoroughly vet any data source that is subject to fre-
quent revisions. Models should be tested for consistency between the 
vendor’s in-sample period (before it began delivering the data in real 
time) and the subsequent out-of-sample period.
Look-Ahead Bias in Machine Learning
Researchers using machine learning techniques also can introduce look- 
ahead bias. In particular, they may tune some hyper-parameters on the 
entire data sample and then use those parameters in the backtest. Hyper- 
parameters should always be tuned using only backward-looking data. 
Similarly, in the area of sentiment analysis, researchers should take note 
of vendor-supplied sentiment dictionaries that may have been trained 
on forward-looking data.
Data Mining
A researcher may data mine a signal by tinkering with its construction 
until it has favorable in-sample performance; this is commonly called 
overfitting. The standard approach to controlling data mining involves 
a holdout, which withholds data in the simulation and takes one of two 
broad forms: a time-series holdout or an asset holdout. In a time-series 
holdout, researchers do not conduct the backtest on a given section of 
time. Similarly, in an asset holdout researchers do not conduct the back-
test on a certain set of assets. After the holdout is incorporated into the 
backtest, a separate backtest is conducted solely on the holdout to vali-
date whether the performance is consistent.
There are two common approaches when using a time-series holdout:
1. Omit a continuous stretch of time. Typically, this is toward the end 
of the time series.
2. Hold out several interleaved stretches of time within the entire 
backtesting window. For example, hold out periods every alternate 
week within that window. When using interleaving, we need to 
ensure that any seasonality or autocorrelations in the data do not 
bias our results.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 88 ===
80 Finding Alphas
For an asset holdout, we have to make sure that the holdout sample 
of assets has the same broad characteristics as the overall asset universe. 
There should be no country, industry, size, or liquidity bias in the hold-
out relative to the overall asset universe. The holdout sample should be 
relatively independent of the other assets; if they are highly correlated, 
the holdout is of limited value.
Data mining carries the risk of formulation bias, which relates to the 
choice of which signal formulation to use on the same set of data. For 
example, should a momentum signal consume 3, 6, or 12 months of 
price returns data? Should a signal that consumes historical trading vol-
ume data use mean historical volume or its root-mean-squared historical 
volume? Although signal characteristics such as turnover and an in-  
sample Sharpe ratio can help drive formulation decisions, it is hard to tell 
which formula will work best out of sample. One mitigating approach 
is to diversify across formulations by mixing them using some unbiased 
weighting scheme, such as equal weighting or risk parity weighting.
BEHAVIORAL BIASES
There are several behavioral traps that are germane to the quantitative 
investment space, as detailed below.
Storytelling
Quantitative researchers and portfolio managers are at risk of storytelling, 
the tendency to fit an unverifiable story to justify performance. A researcher 
may explain the sensibility of a signal based on a theory – a phenomenon 
called theory-fitting. A researcher may also make a claim that is correct 
for a given sample window but falls apart outside that window – say, that 
mean-reversion signals don’t work for French stocks. Similarly, portfolio 
managers may attempt to explain portfolio drawdowns based on redemp-
tion flows among correlated managers without rigorously validating this 
hypothesis. If they reshape their portfolios based on a biased story, they 
simply incur additional costs and degrade investment performance.
Confirmation Bias
Confirmation bias is the tendency to believe information that aligns 
with the practitioner’s prior probability distribution and to disbelieve its 
opposite. The availability of unverifiable information on the internet to 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 89 ===
Controlling Biases 81
support almost any set of priors makes it easy to fall prey to this bias. 
For quantitative researchers, a classic trap is the fallacy that the latest 
research is the greatest. Buzzwords, especially those espoused by the 
larger investment community, also feed confirmation biases.
Familiarity Bias
Familiarity bias is the tendency to invest in familiar assets. Research 
shows that individual investors have a tendency to invest in companies 
with geographical proximity. For example, an investor is more likely to 
invest in technology stocks if she is based in Silicon Valley. Though this 
goes against the grain of the quantitative investment approach, which 
is grounded in diversification, quantitative investors may unknowingly 
introduce this bias into their models. Many practitioners construct uni-
verses using the familiar S&P 500 constituents instead of a broader 
universe of potentially unfamiliar names. Another form of familiarity 
bias is to pursue exclusively a certain style of signals, such as statistical 
arbitrage, factor- and event-driven strategies, and so forth.
Narrow Framing
Narrow framing is the tendency to make investment decisions without 
considering the larger portfolio. One example is a portfolio manager 
who shifts capital allocations without considering overall correlations 
and associated costs. Another example is a portfolio manager who 
changes models amid, and in response to, a drawdown.
Availability Bias
Availability bias is the tendency to judge a future event as more likely 
given a recent memory of a similar event. Consider the portfolio manager 
who, on the eve of the U.K.’s Brexit vote, surmised that Brexit would not 
happen because Greece’s Grexit never did. Similarly, a quantitative inves-
tor may overallocate to a strategy based on its recent outperformance.
Herding Bias
Herding is the propensity of investors to crowd into the same positions 
and has been identified as a key driver of financial bubbles. Quanti-
tative investors in particular are known to have high correlation with 
one another, suggesting that herding bias may be incorporated in their 
models. This likely happens because many investors use similar data 
sources to construct similar investment strategies inspired by the same 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 90 ===
82 Finding Alphas
academic research. Although it is easier said than done, the best way 
to guard against this bias is to have differentiating investment research.
CONCLUSION
Biases, while impossible to eliminate, can be better controlled by per -
sonal awareness. Portfolio managers should control their behavioral 
biases by committing to reduce ad hoc intervention, especially amid 
drawdowns, when the tendency to act on a bias is most pronounced. 
Writing up a drawdown playbook beforehand can be an effective solu-
tion. Similarly, researchers need to restrain behavioral biases around 
their own recent work. Containing systematic biases, by contrast, 
requires a sustained commitment of time and technological sophistica-
tion to ferret out look-ahead bias and overfitting.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 91 ===
11
The Triple-Axis Plan
By Nitish Maini
The world of quantitative investing is growing extremely rapidly. 
Quants are developing new ways of predicting market fluctuations by 
using mathematics, computer programming, and an ever-proliferating 
array of datasets. Discovering new alphas can be a formidable chal-
lenge, however, particularly for new quants. An efficient exploration 
of the vast universe of possible alphas – what we call the alpha space –  
requires a structured strategy, an anchoring point, and an orientation 
technique, otherwise known as the Triple-Axis Plan (TAP).
TAP can help new quants define the alpha space by providing a 
framework for conceptualizing the search for alphas. It can also help 
more-experienced quants, who have the ability to define the entities that 
constitute each axis and then analyze existing alphas in their portfolios, 
to target their efforts with greater efficiency.
New quants can easily be overwhelmed by the challenge of trying to 
develop alphas. They ask themselves, “How do I find alphas? How do  
I start the search?” Even experienced quants working with many alphas can 
miss key components required to build a robust, diversified portfolio. For 
instance, one of the most difficult aspects of alpha portfolio construction 
is the need to optimize the level of diversification of the portfolio. In auto-
mated trading systems, decisions on diversification make up a major area of 
human intervention. It’s not easy to visualize the many pieces of the portfo-
lio, which contain hundreds or thousands of alphas, and their interactions.
TAP emerged from those concerns. When new quants start conducting 
alpha research, many begin by searching the internet for articles about 
developing alphas. Most of those articles focus on reversion and momen-
tum, and as a result, beginners may initially spend a lot of time building 
reversion or momentum alphas. But as new quants grow more skilled, 
they begin to wonder whether they are actually creating much value 
when they add a new alpha to their portfolios. Though they think they are 
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 92 ===
84 Finding Alphas
diversifying their portfolios, they may just be developing the same kinds 
of alphas over and over again. Although they may appear to have low 
correlation, variants of the same alpha types tend to have the same failure 
modes and do not provide the full benefit of a truly diversified portfolio.
Nearly everyone falls into this trap when they begin to research 
alphas. Every successful quant has a gold mine; he digs deeper and 
deeper in his mine to extract as much as he can. One person develops a 
very strong momentum site; another has a very strong fundamental site; 
a third builds a very strong reversion site. They often forget, however, 
that there are multiple gold mines out there. After they play out one 
area, they need to move on to find and explore other mines.
TAP is really just a tool to organize the complex, multidimensional 
alpha space. It offers a number of advantages for portfolio diversifi-
cation. The alpha space is vast, with a high and growing number of 
degrees of freedom, and there is an almost unlimited number of pos-
sible alphas, with each region or cluster of alphas possessing differ -
ent topographies that require discovery and exploration. A quant has 
a plethora of choices. She can make predictions to trade over intervals 
ranging from microseconds to years. She can make predictions on dif-
ferent asset classes, most commonly equities, bonds, commodities, and 
currencies. But the set of possible elements that a quant can manipulate 
is growing all the time – more datasets, more parameters, more ideas.
With the available data expanding at such rapid rates – in fact, because 
there’s so much data – it is important to develop a plan to organize this 
complex landscape that has a reasonable probability of success. Every 
successful quant needs a strategy to identify viable signals within a 
world of noise, to target specific regions within the possible universe, 
and to select the kind of data and the specific financial instruments that 
are most appropriate to the purpose. You need a model to structure your 
search. TAP is such a model.
The motivation behind TAP was the need to generalize individual 
alphas to the widest possible family of analogous alphas. Three particu-
larly useful categories, or axes for generalization, are Ideas & Datasets, 
Performance Parameters, and Regions & Universes.
THE TAP
The process of searching for alphas in this complex landscape can vary 
widely as a function of the ideas behind the alphas and the desired 
objective function, which may include attributes of the signal, such 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 93 ===
The Triple-Axis Plan 85
as turnover, trading frequency, or universe of tradable instruments. To 
make this easier to visualize, TAP structures alphas within an asset class 
in a three-dimensional space (see Figure 11.1).
The ideas used to develop alphas may range from traditional indica-
tors, like reversion, momentum, or pairs trading; to less common ones, 
like machine learning, lead-lag, or seasonality. With increasing comput-
ing power, the number of datasets that we can use to implement these 
ideas has grown so much that we can measure the diversity of a pool of 
signals by the number of different datasets used. The most widely used 
datasets include price and volume data, company fundamentals, analyst 
recommendations, stock sentiment, social media, and options, but there 
are many others.
These ideas can be generated and implemented on different groups of 
financial instruments in different regions. The market capitalization of 
individual stock exchanges and the regulatory environment in a specific 
region or country usually define the choice of region for a quant. The US 
and Europe have traditionally seen the heaviest trading, although Asian 
markets have attracted increasing interest in recent years. Trading instru-
ments may be defined in terms of their liquidity, classification character-
istics like sector or industry, or other criteria, depending on the alpha idea.
To seek success under different market conditions, a quant can con-
struct a diverse, robust portfolio by developing alphas that try to achieve 
one or multiple objective functions, usually related to attributes that 
explain their performance. Quants aim to generate profits by maximiz-
ing the Sharpe ratio and returns or by minimizing drawdowns and trad-
ing costs. The TAP approach is one way to orient yourself in this world, 
with each axis providing a different lens through which to focus your 
Performance
Parameters
Ideas &
Datasets
Regions &
Universes
TAP
Figure 11.1 The three axes of the Triple-Axis Plan
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 94 ===
86 Finding Alphas
research. Many elements can be added to each axis, depending on the 
approach. Table 11.1 provides a simplified schematic of the three axes. 
The possible constituent entries in each axis can be much more exten-
sive, of course.
IMPLEMENTING TAP
TAP employs a relatively simple, mechanical process that both reflects 
and organizes the complex financial reality of alpha space. It allows a 
strategist to fill in the blanks on the three axes, thus revealing possible 
missing components of the portfolio.
TAP operates on three levels. The first involves identifying an initial 
area to focus on. The user can start with a relatively generic focus on a 
single axis – say, on momentum as an idea; or on a particular regional 
area, like the US or Europe; or on performance parameters such as a 
high Sharpe ratio or minimal drawdowns. The second level involves 
refining the focus by systematically filling in the elements of the other 
axes. TAP allows the quant to choose a target on one axis and maintain 
the flexibility to manipulate the other two axes. Working on each target 
independently helps the quant develop skills and gather the knowledge 
Table 11.1 Some of the ideas, datasets, regions, universes, and performance 
parameters that TAP spans
The three axes
Ideas &  
datasets
Regions &  
universes
Performance 
parameters
Ideas
• reversion
• momentum
• seasonality
• learning
• lead-lag
 
Datasets
• fundamental
• analyst
• sentiment
• social media
• options
Regions
• US
• Europe
• Asia (Japan or ex-Japan)
• Americas
• global
 
Universes
• can be defined using the liquidity 
profile, such as TOP50, TOP100, 
TOP200, TOP1500
• any particular sector or industry
• any selected instrument or group of 
instruments
• high returns
• high Sharpe ratio
• lower costs
• lower drawdowns
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 95 ===
The Triple-Axis Plan 87
necessary to build alphas in that area. The third level involves execution: 
implementing the algorithm in code, testing the initial idea, and then 
going back to refine the basic concept by working across the three axes.
Consider this relatively simple example. Suppose that a quant is 
exploring ideas that might work in a predominantly liquid universe of 
stocks. He chooses to focus first on the Regions & Universes axis and 
selects the liquid universe – the top 500 or 300 companies in the US. 
Later, to diversify geographically, he will need alphas and strategies 
for Asia and Europe as well as the US. This should be relatively easy 
because after already developing momentum and reversion alphas and 
becoming familiar with the properties of liquid universes, it is natu-
ral to apply this knowledge to Europe and Asia. At the same time, the 
researcher realizes that it is not enough to focus only on reducing the 
cost of the alphas or increasing their Sharpe ratios; it is also important 
to generate high returns. Getting higher returns, however, often requires 
a trade-off against the effects of the other parameters. Thus, it takes 
a higher level of skill to seek higher returns. Now the quant can iter -
ate again through his previous work and continue aiming to develop 
a high-return momentum alpha, a high-return reversion alpha, and a 
high-return liquid alpha.
To achieve a desired level, diversification requires systematically 
mastering the use of TAP’s three axes:
 • The choice to focus on a momentum alpha freezes the Ideas & Data-
sets axis. In this case, the next steps are to diversify on the other two 
axes by choosing different Regions & Universes of financial instru-
ments to develop momentum alphas, and to target alphas to optimize 
different kinds of performance parameters.
 • Similarly, the choice to develop an alpha on the US financial sector 
fixes the Regions & Universes axis but retains the flexibility to use dif-
ferent ideas or datasets to optimize different performance parameters.
 • The choice to develop a high-return alpha fixes your Performance 
Parameters axis, leaving the flexibility to vary the other two axes on 
any kind of dataset, idea, region, and universe to seek the desired 
return target.
The complexities of financial markets allow for a vast range of granu-
larity and precision, which are what provide richness to the alpha space 
and excitement to the challenge of finding new alphas. It is important to 
recognize that there is no single fail-safe solution. The world of finance 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 96 ===
88 Finding Alphas
is shaped by idiosyncratic differences among individuals’ valuations 
of assets, returns, and risk. Therefore, potential value lies in explor -
ing the known landscape as extensively as possible, even in areas often 
dismissed as noise; they could potentially turn out to be infinite sources 
of knowledge. The quant just needs to make deliberate choices about 
where to begin that search and how to organize the effort.
CONCLUSION
TAP is a tool that visualizes the various dimensions that affect alpha 
performance. As a result, it can provide a quant with greater clarity 
and insight into the complex alpha space. TAP is not a secret weapon 
that ensures success, but it does help less experienced quants begin 
their search and understand the underlying issues, and it helps more-
experienced strategists enhance the diversification of very complex 
portfolios of alphas. To be most effective, TAP should be integrated 
into all the necessary steps of alpha development, refining, testing, and 
execution.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 97 ===
12
Techniques for Improving the 
Robustness of Alphas
By Michael Kozlov
INTRODUCTION
The main goal of alpha research is to predict and try to outperform 
the market. However, most investors desire not only returns but also 
low risk exposure and some confidence in their ability to anticipate 
trading results. With these requirements in mind, we have defined a 
robust alpha.
A robust alpha should have the following properties:
 • Invariance under modification of the traded universe: An alpha 
should reflect a statistical property that is independent of the choice 
of specific instruments to trade. Changes to the instrument set are 
frequently imposed by the market as a result of regulatory changes, 
customer preferences, liquidity decreases, short bans, etc.
 • Robustness to extreme market conditions: An alpha should not have 
excessively sharp declines in any of its performance benchmarks. The 
most common benchmarks used for alpha performance measurement 
include information ratio, maximum drawdown, and return.
METHODS FOR ROBUSTNESS IMPROVEMENT
In this section, we will introduce the most common and established 
techniques for improving the robustness of an alpha. In general, our 
goal is to ensure stable alpha performance that is not unduly affected by 
input data outliers or other small departures from model assumptions.
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 98 ===
90 Finding Alphas
Methodologies for robustness improvement can be classified into 
three categories: ordering methods, approximation to normal distribu-
tion, and limiting methods. Below we will discuss all three methods 
in detail.
Ordering Methods
The powerful motivation for applying ordering methods in alpha 
research is to improve the alpha property of invariance, meaning that 
the test results do not change when the input data or traded universe is 
transformed in some way.
An ordinal scale of measurement is one that conveys order alone. 
These scales indicate only that one value is greater or less than another, 
so differences among ranks do not have meaning.
Generally speaking, ordering-based procedures are a subset of non-
parametric methods, which in many circumstances have advantages in 
robustness over parametric methods. They are preferred when certain 
assumptions of parametric procedures (for example, t- and F-tests) 
are grossly violated. That may happen, for example, when the nor -
mality assumption is not satisfied by a dataset with extreme outliers. 
In addition, alphas based on nonparametric methodologies by nature 
require fewer assumptions and control parameters than their parametric 
alternatives.
Ranking: Ranking is an operation that replaces a vector’s elements 
with their ranks under some sorting criterion. Usually, the elements 
of the vector are rescaled to be in the interval [0,1]. If two values are 
the same, they are supposed to have the same rank, equal to the aver-
age of their corresponding positions.
Ranking can be used to define the Spearman’s rank correlation 
(Spearman 1904). In many cases, the Spearman correlation is much 
more stable than the Pearson correlation measure (Pearson 1895). 
For instance, the Pearson correlation is known to be unstable for non-
stationary and/or nonlinear inputs.
It is obvious that any statistics based on the ranks of the data must 
be invariant to monotone transformations because such transforma-
tions do not affect the relative rankings of observations. Thus, rank- 
based statistics do not depend on whether the outcome is measured 
on the original scale or on any other arbitrary scale.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 99 ===
Techniques for Improving the Robustness of Alphas 91
Quantiles approximation: Quantiles are points taken at regular inter -
vals from the cumulative distribution function of a random variable. 
Splitting a set of ordered data into equal-size data subsets is the moti-
vation for q-quantities; the quantities are the data values marking the 
boundaries among consecutive subsets.
For example, ordinary least squares regression may be unstable for 
nonstationary and/or nonlinear inputs. However, it can be replaced by 
least quantile of squares (LQS), in which the objective is to minimize 
some quintile of the squared residuals. Among the various LQS meth -
ods, the most popular is median squares minimization.
Approximation to Normal Distribution
The normal distribution is the random variable distribution defined by 
the following probability density function:
 
f xe
x
(| ,) 2
2
21
2
2
2
 
where μ is the mean of distribution, σ is the standard deviation, and  
σ2 is the variance. The normal distribution has special importance in sta-
tistics because of the so-called central limit theorem, which states that 
under certain conditions the sum of many random variables will have an 
approximately normal distribution.
We will illustrate several methods of transforming an arbitrary distri-
bution function to an approximately normal distribution function. When 
the underlying distribution is roughly normal but contaminated with 
outliers and heavy tails, the following robust methods can help maintain 
stable performance, even under extreme market conditions.
Fisher Transform formula:  Assuming that a random variable x is 
bounded by 1, the Fisher Transform can be defined as follows:
 
Fx x
x x1
2
1
1ln arcth
 
If F(x) is the Fisher transformation of x and N is the sample size, 
then F(x) approximately follows a normal distribution with stand -
ard error 13/ N .
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 100 ===
92 Finding Alphas
Z-scoring: Z-scoring of data results in a distribution with zero mean 
and unit standard deviation. The Z-score is defined as follows:
 
Z x
 
In other words, the Z-score represents the distance between the raw 
score and the population mean in units of the standard deviation.
Limiting Methods
Extreme values can have a significant and generally harmful effect on 
the statistical properties of observed quantities. Therefore, one aim of 
robust methods is to reduce the impact of outliers.
Trimming: With trimming, we simply remove a certain fraction of the 
data above or below some threshold.
Winsorizing: Winsorization is a transformation that limits extreme val-
ues in the data to reduce the effect of possibly spurious outliers, as 
originally suggested by Hastings et al. (1947) and later argued more 
systematically by Rousseeuw and Leroy (1987). Winsorizing is simi-
lar to trimming, but we replace the extreme values with cutoff values 
rather than throwing them out.
Let us illustrate how trimming and winsorizing will affect the calcula-
tion of simple estimators on a sample set of numeric data 35 71 0 100,, ,, .  
Consider the mean, median, k-trimmed mean, and k-winsorized mean 
as defined below.
a. mean: arithmetic mean of sample data
 mean 357 10 100 52 5/  
b. median: the value separating the higher half of a data sample from 
the lower half
 median 7 
c. k-trimmed mean: trim a given proportion α from both ends of the 
dataset and then take the mean.
 205 71 03 73 3%/ .trimmed mean  
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 101 ===
Techniques for Improving the Robustness of Alphas 93
d. k-winsorized mean: replace a proportion k from both ends of the 
dataset by the next closest observation and then take the mean.
 20 557 10 10 57 4%/ .winsorized mean  
From the above example, we can see that both the k-trimmed mean 
and the k-winsorized mean are much more stable with regard to outliers 
than the arithmetic mean. The k-trimmed mean and the k-winsorized 
mean are also very close to the median, which is a well-known robust 
estimator.
All of the above estimators (mean, median, k-trimmed mean, and 
k-winsorized mean) can be considered particular cases of L-statistics, 
or linear combinations of order statistics. For example, for particular 
sample values the smallest order statistic is the minimum of the sample: 
( ) { }= 11 min , …, , nX XX  and the largest order statistic is the maximum of 
the sample: ( ) { }= 1max , …, nNX XX . The kth order statistic is the kth data 
point when the points are ordered.
CONCLUSION
As argued by Bertsimas et al. (2004), robust methods can significantly 
improve several benchmarks that measure alpha behavior in extreme 
market conditions. These days, more and more practitioners are exploit-
ing the advantages offered by robust methodologies developed over the 
past decades. Most standard statistical software packages include a 
variety of tools for robust data analysis.
It’s important to remember that robust methods assume that the 
underlying distribution is roughly normal but contaminated with outli -
ers and heavy tails. The methods can produce misleading results if they 
are applied to data that is inherently skewed or if a large proportion of 
the data is identical in value.
For further details about robust methods, refer to Robust Statistics by 
Peter J. Huber and Elvezio M. Ronchetti (2009).
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 102 ===
13
Alpha and Risk Factors
By Peng Wan
In this chapter, we will review the practice of seeking alphas from a 
historical perspective. We will examine a few well-studied alphas and 
observe that some evolve to become “hedge fund betas,” or risk factors.
Building on Markowitz’s work (1952) on the expected returns and 
variance of returns of a portfolio, Treynor (1962), Sharpe (1964), Lint-
ner (1965), and Mossin (1966) developed the capital asset pricing model 
(CAPM) in the 1960s. According to CAPM, a stock’s expected return is 
the investor’s reward for the stock’s market risk:
 
Expected returnR isk-free rate Stocks market beta
Market r
’*
iisk premium  
Since its birth, CAPM has been challenged for its restrictive assump-
tions and inconsistency with empirical data. The arbitrage pricing theory 
(APT), developed chiefly by Ross (1976), does not require the stringent 
assumptions of CAPM. APT states that in a market with perfect compe-
tition, a stock’s expected return is a linear function of its sensitivities to 
multiple unspecified factors:
 
Expected returnR isk-free rate
Stocks factor beta Factor’’ *s sr isk premium  
CAPM and APT provided the theoretical foundation of stock return 
analysis and alpha evaluation. In practice, the factors in APT can be 
constructed as stock portfolios, and most of them can be constructed 
as both dollar-neutral and market-beta-neutral portfolios. Each of 
these beta- dollar- neutral factors can be evaluated as a potentially trad -
able alpha.
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 103 ===
96 Finding Alphas
In the 1980s, several important factors were reported. Banz (1981) 
documented the size factor, which says that small-cap stocks tend to 
outperform large-cap stocks. Basu (1983), as well as Rosenberg et al. 
(1985), published various forms of the value factor, including earnings 
to price ratio (E/P) and book equity to market equity (BE/ME). Fama 
and French (1992, 1993) analyzed multiple documented factors that 
could explain stock returns and summarized them as the Fama–French 
three-factor model; the model cites market risk, size, and value factors. 
It’s worth mentioning that investment managers may have profited from 
these factors before academics analyzed them in a theoretical frame-
work. For example, value investing was promoted by Benjamin Graham 
and David Dodd in the 1930s, well before modern portfolio theory was 
formulated. As another example, the Magellan Fund had high small-cap 
exposure in the early 1980s, when Peter Lynch was the fund’s manager 
(Siegel et al. 2001).
The Fama–French three-factor model did not end the search for fac-
tors. Instead, in parallel with the rapid expansion of the quantitative 
investment industry, researchers published many more factors; Fama 
and French tried to absorb some of them into the Fama–French five- 
factor model (2015). Besides the market risk, size, and value factors, the 
new model added profitability and investment. The profitability factor 
says that stocks with more robust operating profitability, such as high 
gross profits to assets, have higher expected returns. The investment 
factor says that, all else being equal, more conservative reinvestment 
of company earnings (i.e. issuing dividends and/or buying back stock) 
implies higher expected returns of the stock.
Not absorbed into Fama and French’s expanded model were a num-
ber of important factors, such as the momentum effect that recent win-
ners tend to outperform recent losers (Jegadeesh and Titman 1993), 
the liquidity effect that less liquid stocks have higher expected returns 
(Amihud and Mendelson 1986; Pástor and Stambaugh 2003), and the 
accrual anomaly that higher accruals in accounting are associated with 
lower expected returns (Sloan 1996).
These and other well-studied risk factors have played important roles 
in the theory and practice of finance. Any alpha we find may uninten-
tionally load some risk factors because they are expected to continue to 
drive a large portion of the relative returns of stocks in the future. For 
instance, a raw alpha built from news sentiment may load the momen-
tum factor because news writers get excited by high-flying stocks, even 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 104 ===
Alpha and Risk Factors 97
if the alpha construction does not involve any of the price information 
from which the original momentum factor was built.
It is hard to tell whether each factor is the result of irrational investor 
behavior or the reward for bearing some systematic risk. For practi-
tioners, it may be more important to know whether these factors’ risk 
premiums will persist in the future. Unfortunately, this is also hard 
to predict, but we might get some insights from the adaptive market 
hypothesis (AMH), which was proposed by Andrew Lo (2004) to rec-
oncile financial theories based on the efficient market hypothesis with 
behavioral economics. AMH does not view the market as being in equi-
librium. Instead, it tries to explain market dynamics by evolutionary 
processes. It compares profit opportunities in the market to food and 
water in a local ecology, for which different species compete. Drawing 
insights from evolutionary processes, AMH predicts that the risks and 
rewards of market opportunities are unlikely to be stable over time and 
that investment strategies may wax and wane. Opportunities may disap-
pear, then reappear years later. Lo’s hypothesis implies that in a com-
petitive environment the best opportunities are likely to be available 
for only a short time before other “animals” find them. In the adaptive 
market, the wide publication of these factors could change their behav-
ior in the future because market participants would act on the newly 
broadcast information.
As an example, Figure 13.1 shows the long-term cumulative return 
of a value factor. (The factor is constructed by shorting the bottom 30% 
of US stocks ranked by BE/ME and buying the top 30% ranked by 
BE/ME. The monthly return series were downloaded from Kenneth 
French’s website, http://mba.tuck.dartmouth.edu/pages/faculty/ken.
french/data_library.html#Research.) The factor achieved positive returns 
over the long term but occasionally suffered big losses, including after 
the late 1990s tech bubble and during the 2008 financial crisis. Another 
observation is that the annualized Sharpe ratio was 0.56 between 1950 
and 1989 but only 0.11 between 1990 and 2017; this may be a sign that 
the wide publication of the factor changed its behavior.
In our research process, we need to be aware of a few issues concern-
ing these risk factors:
 • As we have discussed, their Sharpe ratios cannot be high, given how 
well known they are. Smart money could quickly pile in until the per-
formance became less attractive.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 105 ===
98 Finding Alphas
 • Some of these risk factors, such as size and liquidity, require a large 
imbalance of liquidity between the long and short sides of factor 
expression. This is not desirable in actual trading and is also a concern 
for risk management because it would be difficult to liquidate both 
sides in a balanced way, particularly under market crisis conditions.
 • These risk factors generally realize higher volatility per dollar size. 
They may suffer long-term drawdowns as a result of macro trends. 
Moreover, there is a trend in the industry to package some of these 
risk factors as alternative beta products, which may increase their 
volatility in the future. Figure 13.2 shows the long drawdown caused 
by the market reversal in 2009 of a momentum factor, as calculated 
by French and his team.
 • The well-studied risk factors are popularly implemented by many 
firms across the quant investment industry. If some large holders sud-
denly deleverage their holdings, the price impact may be high enough 
to force others to follow and thus exacerbate the losses. This dan-
ger was most vividly demonstrated in the August 2007 “quant cri-
sis”: popular quant risk factors suffered large losses, most likely as a 
result of some large players’ aggressive unwinding (Khandani and Lo 
2007). Figure 13.3 shows the sudden loss of a hypothetical quant fac-
tor during the 2007 crisis. The factor is constructed by combining the 
momentum and value factors. The daily return series for the construc-
tion were downloaded from French’s website, and the combo factor 
300%
250%
200%
150%
100%
50%
0%
1950
1952
1954
1956
1958
1960
1962
1964
1966
1968
1970
1972
1974
1976
1978
1980
1982
1984
1986
1988
1990
1992
1994
1996
1998
2000
2002
2004
2006
2008
2010
2012
2014
2016
Figure 13.1 Long-term cumulative return of a value factor (1950–2017)
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 106 ===
Alpha and Risk Factors 99
is leveraged to target 10% annualized volatility. The way to avoid this 
kind of catastrophic risk is to be different from others and to control 
the exposure to common risk factors.
Therefore, even though these well-studied market effects may con-
tinue to generate positive returns in the long run (for either rational risk- 
rewarding reasons or irrational investor behavioral reasons), we tend 
to call them hedge fund betas, or risk factors, rather than alphas in our 
research process.
30%
20%
10%
−10%
−20%
−30%
−40%
−50%
−60%
0%
20080120080520080720080920081120090120090320090520090720090920091120100120100320100520100720100920101120110
1
20110
3
20110520110
7
201109201111201201201203201205201207201209201211200803
Figure 13.2 Cumulative return of a momentum factor (2008–2012)
09-Apr-07
16-Apr-07
23-Apr-07
30-Apr-07
07-May-07
14-May-07
21-May-07
28-May-07
04-Jun-07
11-Jun-07
18-Jun-07
25-Jun-07
02-Jul-07
09-Jul-07
16-Jul-07
23-Jul-07
30-Jul-07
06-Aug-07
13-Aug-07
20-Aug-07
27-Aug-07
0%
−2%
2%
−4%
−6%
−8%
−10%
−12%
−14%
−16%
02-Apr-07
Figure 13.3 Cumulative return of a hypothetical factor  
during the 2007 quant crisis
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 107 ===
100 Finding Alphas
From a historical perspective, there is not a clear distinction between 
alphas and hedge fund betas. The transition has been part of the evolv-
ing process of the adaptive market. In the era of CAPM, any market 
anomalies, such as the size and value factors, might have been con-
sidered alphas. After the Fama–French three-factor model was widely 
adopted, the momentum factor was still an alpha. Nowadays, however, 
more “alphas” have evolved to become hedge fund betas, or risk factors.
In the process of new alpha research, it is better to avoid high load-
ings of risk factors. We can evaluate the strength of an alpha by neutral-
izing these factors. The most common way is to perform a multivariate 
regression on the alpha portfolio against the risk factor portfolios. A 
good alpha tends to yield a higher Sharpe ratio after risk factor neutrali-
zation, even though its per-dollar return may be reduced in some cases. 
As an example, Table 13.1 shows the impact of this factor neutralization 
process on a hypothetical alpha built with Bloomberg price–volume data 
for 3,000 stocks traded in the US. The alpha is constructed as a dollar-  
neutral long–short portfolio of fixed size, for the period from January 
2011 to December 2016. Before factor neutralization, the original alpha 
had an annualized average return of 16.8% (relative to the long-side size 
of the alpha) and an annualized Sharpe ratio of 1.55. We performed fac-
tor neutralization with three Barra USE3S (a US equity risk model) risk 
factors: momentum, size, and value. After each operation, the per- dollar 
return was lower and the Sharpe ratio was higher. The Sharpe ratio was 
highest after simultaneous neutralization of the three factors.
In summary, finding alphas is a constantly evolving process in a 
competitive market. Some alphas may become less powerful over the 
years. Because of the risks involved, it is wise to avoid high loadings of 
risk factors in our portfolios.
As predicted by the AMH, innovation is the key to survival.
Table 13.1 Example of factor neutralization on an alpha
Annualized 
return
Annualized 
volatility
Sharpe 
ratio
Original alpha 16.8% 10.9% 1.55
Neutralized momentum factor 13.3% 7.4% 1.79
Neutralized size factor 14.4% 8.1% 1.77
Neutralized value factor 14.6% 8.1% 1.81
Neutralized all three factors 13.4% 7.3% 1.84
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 108 ===
14
Risk and Drawdowns
By Hammad Khan and Rebecca Lehman
Finding alphas is all about returns over risk. Everyone knows what 
returns are, but what is risk? Researchers often conflate different types 
of risk, which require different forms of measurement and control. In 
truth, the set of potential types of risk is unbounded. At the far end are 
Knightian uncertainty and black swans – risks that are a priori unknow-
able but can be rationalized and overfit after the fact. The only construc-
tive thing that can be said about these risks is that they exist and any 
attempt to rationalize them after they have occurred is an exercise in 
futility. Overly complex risk models may contain epicycles upon epicy-
cles that are intended to mitigate the last black swan event but will do 
nothing for the next one except make the models more brittle. Slightly 
closer to home are asset-specific and operational risks, which the practi-
tioner can and should take into account but are not amenable to a broad 
treatment. This chapter will focus on the near end of the risk spectrum –  
the most well defined and commonly considered types, which can be 
broadly classified as extrinsic and intrinsic risks.
Many alphas are exposed to extrinsic, or external, factors that are not 
related to their source of returns, such as the behavior of a given industry 
or the market as a whole. Other risk factors include alpha strategies that 
have been largely arbitraged away but are still highly traded and prone 
to momentum periods and liquidation runs, such as the Fama–French 
and Barra factors. These factors constitute extrinsic risk to the alpha, 
which can be partially or completely neutralized without destroying 
performance. One special type of external danger is event risk, when 
the usual drivers of an alpha’s performance are temporarily outweighed 
by some external factor, such as a sudden news announcement, which 
may or may not be anticipated. But even after neutralizing all known 
external factors, an alpha still contains its own intrinsic risk, and that is 
what ultimately drives its return, assuming limits to arbitrage. Although 
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 109 ===
102 Finding Alphas
intrinsic risk cannot be eliminated, it can and should be estimated and 
controlled. Different measures of intrinsic risk – such as volatility, value 
at risk, and expected tail loss – can be used to select the appropriate 
level of leverage or capital allocation for each alpha. One type of intrin-
sic risk that is particularly challenging to estimate is drawdown risk. For 
many investors, drawdowns are critical – perhaps even more important 
than historical volatility – because excessive drawdowns pose a risk to 
their firms’ continued operations. Drawdowns are particularly difficult 
to estimate empirically because they are nonlinear and more likely to be 
overfit in sample than other risk measures, such as volatility and value 
at risk. Because of their practical importance, however, it is worth dis -
cussing some techniques for predicting and controlling them.
ESTIMATING RISKS
Position-Based Measures
The simplest and perhaps most robust risk estimates for an alpha are 
based on its current positions. These are easy to compute and do not 
rely on any assumptions about the alpha’s future behavior, but they tend 
to be brittle and measure only extreme risk. The extrinsic risks asso -
ciated with concentration in a particular security, group of correlated 
securities, or factor quantiles can be measured by position concentra -
tions. Excessive concentration is a risk, as the alpha can expect severe 
losses if its prediction for the returns of the highly concentrated posi -
tion is wrong.
The risk associated with a factor, given in the form of an alpha vec -
tor, can be estimated by the orthogonal projection of the alpha onto that 
vector. If a news event is expected to affect a certain set of instruments, 
the event risk can be measured as the exposure to those instruments. 
Another position-based approach to factor risk is to run a regression of 
the historical returns of the given positions against the historical returns 
of the factors. The beta coefficients, or factor loadings, define the risk 
associated with those positions.
The intrinsic value at risk of a given set of positions is simply the p 
percentile loss in the returns distribution of the given set of positions 
(usually p 5% or 10%), and the expected tail loss is the average loss, 
conditional on being below the p percentile. It is possible to calculate 
the value at risk of each individual position (making no assumptions 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 110 ===
Risk and Drawdowns 103
about the correlation between positions) and of the overall portfolio 
(making the implicit assumption that the correlation structure of the 
instruments is stable).
Historical PnL-Based Measures
A smoother risk estimate can often be obtained by looking at the per -
formance of an alpha’s historical positions rather than just its present set 
of positions. This makes the assumption that the alpha’s positions are 
adapted to the current environment. Because the historical PnL series 
changes only slowly over time, these measures are smoother and can be 
more easily controlled without causing excessive churn, but they may be 
slow to detect changes in the alpha’s risk profile or environment. One way 
to detect extrinsic risks is to consider the PnL concentration in certain 
sectors. Even if the positions do not appear to be concentrated, if the PnL 
is highly concentrated in certain sectors, the other sectors are not contrib-
uting to the diversification of the alpha. See Figure 14.1 for an example.
Though its overall in-sample performance may look very reason-
able, this alpha’s performance may degrade rapidly if there is a regime 
change in either of the two key sectors. A more robust alpha should 
have its performance equally distributed across as many sectors (and 
securities within those sectors) as possible, unless there is a good reason 
not to. If the nature of the data or the idea is such that it can be expected 
Energy
Materials
Industrials
Consumer
discretionary
Consumer
staples
Health care
Information
technology
Telecommunication
services
Utilities
Financials
0.4 5
4
3
2
1
0
0.3
0.2
0.1
−0.1 −1
−2−0.2
0
Avg annualized returns Sharpe ratio
Figure 14.1 Example of an equities alpha whose performance is primarily 
driven only by the energy and information technology sectors
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 111 ===
104 Finding Alphas
to work on only a few sectors, it is generally better to restrict the alpha 
to these sectors in advance, before testing it, and to control the alpha’s 
high risk by imposing sizing constraints according to the number of 
instruments. Assigning weight to groups of instruments that do not pro-
duce consistent returns is a waste of capital, but throwing them out after 
seeing their performance raises the risk of survivor bias.
Figure 14.2 shows a reasonable target distribution. Achieving perfect 
parity among sectors is unrealistic, but in this case the alpha is signifi-
cantly positive on all sectors.
Similarly, a researcher should check the distribution of an alpha’s per-
formance relative to extreme alpha values. An easy way to test for this is 
to divide the alpha values into quintiles and find the mean (and standard 
deviation) or returns coming from each quintile. In an ideal alpha (Fig-
ure 14.3), the top quintile (highly positive alpha values, if the alpha is cen-
tered around 0) yields highly positive future returns and the bottom quintile 
(highly negative alpha values) yields highly negative future returns.
In practice, many alphas derive almost all of their performance from 
just the top or the bottom quintile, and quintiles 2 to 4 are simply noise, 
as in Figure 14.4.
Because such alphas have good predictive power only in tail cases, the 
actual breadth of performance decreases and the chances of a drawdown 
increase if the tail information is degraded in the future. Because there’s 
no information in the central quintiles of such alphas, it makes sense to 
throw out those instruments where the absolute value is below some noise 
threshold. However, because the result is an alpha that trades a smaller 
Avg annualized returnsS harpe ratio
Energy
Materials
Industrials
Consumer
discretionary
Consumer
staples
Health care
Information
technology
Telecommunication
services
Utilities
Financials
3
2.5
1.5
0.5
0
1
2
0
0.02
0.04
0.06
0.08
0.1
0.12
0.14
0.16
0.18
Figure 14.2 Example of an equities alpha whose performance is reasonably 
distributed across all sectors
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 112 ===
Risk and Drawdowns 105
number of instruments, we can expect it to have higher volatility and lower 
robustness than the ideal one in the event of a single- instrument shock.
In other cases (as in Figure  14.5), the strongest tail values do not 
work. The low predictive power of the strongest signals implies that the 
alpha may not be robust. The researcher should probably investigate the 
alpha further and either refine the hypothesis or throw it out.
PnL-based factor risks can be estimated by examining the distribu-
tion of returns over factor quantiles or by regressing the actual histori-
cal returns of the alpha against the historical returns of the chosen risk 
factors. An alpha’s intrinsic risk can also be measured as the annualized 
volatility, value at risk, or maximum drawdown of the actual historical 
PnL series rather than the current position. It is important to consider 
Avg annualized returns
Q1
Q2
Q3
Q4
Q5
Sharpe ratio
3
2
1
0
5
4
−2
−3
−4
−5
−1
−0.1
−0.2
−0.3
0.1
0.2
0.3
0.4
0
Figure 14.3 The desired quintile distribution of an alpha
Avg annualized returnsS harpe ratio
−0.1
−0.2
−0.3
0.1
0.2
0.3
0.4
0
3
2
1
0
5
4
−2
−3
−4
−5
−1
Q1
Q2
Q3
Q4
Q5
Figure 14.4 A quintile distribution where only the tails of the alpha have 
predictive power
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 113 ===
106 Finding Alphas
the time scales on which to measure both extrinsic and intrinsic risk 
measures. A narrower window or a faster decay factor makes the risk 
measure more responsive to regime changes at the cost of historical 
memory. It is also important to consider the time structure of the alpha 
when choosing these parameters. If the alpha changes its positions 
quickly, it is more likely changing its risk exposures quickly, so a nar -
rower time window makes sense. If the alpha has a natural periodicity 
(e.g. seasonality for an agricultural commodities alpha), risk measures 
on fractions of that period will tend to be noisy, so all windows should 
be multiples of the period. It is generally worthwhile to combine esti-
mates on shorter and longer time horizons for added robustness and as 
a safeguard in case the basic time structure of the alpha breaks down.
DRAWDOWNS
A drawdown is the percentage loss of an alpha from its previous high 
value. For example, if an alpha has made 20% returns since inception 
and then drops in the next few days (or weeks) to an 18% return, the 
drawdown is measured as 2%. Because no alpha makes money every 
day, every alpha has drawdowns.
Investors generally have to worry about two features of drawdowns:
 • The largest drawdown the alpha has had throughout its history (and in 
each year of its history).
 • The duration of the longest drawdown.
Avg annualized returns Sharpe ratio
−0.1
−0.2
−0.3
−0.4
−0.5
0.1
0.2
0.3
0.4
0
3
2
1
0
5
4
−2
−3
−4
−5
−1
Q1
Q2
Q3
Q4
Q5
Figure 14.5 An alpha that is not robust
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 114 ===
Risk and Drawdowns 107
An excessively steep or long drawdown can bankrupt an individual 
investor or lead to capital flight from a fund, so it is very important to 
control drawdowns.
When investigating a backtest result, an alpha’s drawdowns should 
be measured in relation to its other features – for example, its annual-
ized return and information ratio. The annual returns should outweigh 
the drawdowns. Sometimes an otherwise solid alpha has a sudden 
sharp drawdown, then returns to its previously consistent performance. 
In other cases, drawdowns consist of slow and steady negative per -
formance for many days before the alpha starts performing again. Of 
course, when performance turns negative in a real alpha deployment or 
an out-of-sample test, it is impossible to know in real time whether the 
alpha has stopped working altogether or just hit a temporary drawdown 
from which it should recover promptly. Hence, it is important to meas-
ure the depth and duration of the historical drawdowns in the in-sample 
period. This provides us with a benchmark against which we can meas-
ure the performance out of sample and in live trading.
Unfortunately, because they are rare, drawdowns are also easily over-
fit. It is easy to “fight the last battle” and come up with a clever idea that 
would have prevented the large drawdown seen in the backtest but do 
nothing to prevent the next drawdown in live trading. One useful tactic 
for measuring drawdown risk is bootstrapping. It works as follows:
1. Measure the autocorrelations of the alpha’s PnL. Bootstrapping 
makes sense when there is only a finite set of significant auto-
correlations.
2. Create 1,000 synthetic 10-year PnLs by randomly selecting PnL 
snippets of lengths equal to the autocorrelation periods (with 
replacement).
3. Plot the distribution of the max drawdowns of the synthetic PnLs. 
The 90th percentile is the bootstrapped drawdown.
Bootstrapping is useful because while it is easy to tell a plausible 
story about the particular market conditions that caused a drawdown 
and simply overfit to cut risk under those conditions, it is much harder 
to overfit the entire return distribution and autocorrelation structure. If 
the realized drawdown decreases but the bootstrapped drawdown does 
not, the risk has not been controlled, only masked. If the bootstrapped 
drawdown is controlled, it is safer to believe that the underlying distri-
bution will not produce extreme drawdowns.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 115 ===
108 Finding Alphas
CONTROLLING RISKS
Diversify When Possible
Because different instruments are exposed to different types of risk and 
volatility scales like the square root of the number of independent vari-
ables, the extrinsic and intrinsic risks of an alpha or portfolio can gener-
ally be reduced by diversification, as long as the position concentrations 
are under control. For example, alphas constructed only on the FTSE 
100 have lower diversification than alphas constructed on the entire set 
of UK and European stocks. Diversification can include new instru-
ments, new regions or sectors, and new asset classes. The lower the 
correlations between the instruments, the better the risk approximates 
the ideal central limit theorem. However, there are limits to diversifi-
cation. If the instruments are too diverse, the volatilities may be too 
heterogeneous to allow all the instruments to contribute meaningfully 
without excessive concentration risk, or the instruments may simply  
behave too differently for the same alpha ideas to be relevant. More-
over, as the underlying universe expands, other risks can come into play, 
such as country and currency exposure, political risk, and counterparty 
risk. These risks should be considered and mitigated.
Reducing Extrinsic Risks
Extrinsic risks can be controlled by neutralization or hedging. Hard 
neutralization consists of forcing the given risk to zero. In the case of 
position concentration, this can be easily achieved (assuming there are 
no constraints on short positions) by subtracting the group mean from 
the individual positions, by orthogonalizing the position vector to the 
factor vector, or by subtracting beta times the factor. Dollar-neutral or 
industry-neutral positions are achieved by hard neutralization. Soft neu-
tralization consists of capping the exposure to the given risk, either by 
subtracting a portion of the exposure or by using a constrained optimi-
zation method to produce the positions.
Hedging consists of using one instrument or set of instruments as a 
hedge against the risk incurred by other instruments or sets of instru-
ments. For instance, one can hedge the market beta of an equity portfo-
lio via S&P 500 futures or exchange-traded funds, or the currency risk 
of a global bond portfolio via currency spots or futures. The resulting 
risk control is not perfect, as the hedge is imperfectly correlated with 
the underlying risk, but it is often useful in cases where neutralization is 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 116 ===
Risk and Drawdowns 109
impractical, such as when shorting is impossible or excessively costly, 
or the risk is a short-term event risk and the hedge is more liquid than 
the underlying portfolio.
Reducing Intrinsic Risks
Intrinsic risks, as well as the extrinsic risks that remain after soft neu-
tralization or hedging, should be controlled by dynamic position siz-
ing. Most alphas benefit from broad caps on volatility, value at risk, 
expected tail loss, and position concentrations. When the risk goes up, 
the book size should scale down so that the alpha does not risk all of its 
long-term PnL on only a few high-risk days. Alphas with broad beta or 
risk-on/risk-off behavior can also use other relevant proxies, such as the 
CBOE V olatility Index, fund flows into risk-on/risk-off assets, or spikes 
in the correlation eigenvalues, as signals to scale their risk appetite to 
fit current market conditions. No single risk measure captures the full 
complexity of the risk profile, so it is useful to combine several relevant 
measures and use the most conservative one. Alphas that are highly 
vulnerable to certain event risks that can be known in advance (for 
example, central bank meetings and numbers announcements) should 
scale down or exit their positions in advance of the event or hedge with 
more-liquid instruments if they are unable to scale down in time. Stop- 
loss and take-profit thresholds can also be seen as examples of very 
short-term position-sizing constraints that cut positions after a trade has 
reached the expected level of risk and prevent excessive drawdowns.
Just Get Out
Not all risks can be measured or controlled. If the underlying assump-
tions of an alpha appear to be at risk of breaking down, the alpha can-
not reasonably be expected to react. Examples of such cases include 
news events such as extreme natural disasters (beyond what the alpha 
would have seen in its backtesting period, unless the alpha is a news- or 
sentiment-based alpha that can be expected to exploit the event), sud-
den changes in the correlation structure of the underlying assets (such 
as the pegging or depegging of a currency), or evidence of counterparty 
credit risk (assuming the alpha had previously taken its counterparties 
for granted) – but the most important cases are the ones that nobody 
expected. It is the responsibility of the investor to be thoughtful in con-
sidering the alphas’ failure modes and not trade them when they are 
likely taking unanticipated risks.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 117 ===
110 Finding Alphas
CONCLUSION
Although not all risks are knowable, some common extrinsic and intrin-
sic risks are worth measuring and controlling. In-sample performance 
charts and summary statistics reveal only part of the story. An analysis 
of exposures to known alpha factors, concentrations of positions and 
PnL, and drawdown distributions can help researchers understand the 
sources of risk they are taking, mitigate them where appropriate, and 
size them safely.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 118 ===
15
Alphas from 
Automated Search
By Yu Huang and Varat Intaraprasonk
“Change is the only constant in life,” the Greek philosopher Heracli-
tus wrote some 2,500 years ago. His words are especially relevant to 
today’s financial markets.
We live in an age of information explosion. With the exponential 
growth in new sources of data, it is becoming impractical to test all data 
manually. To tackle this problem, computer algorithms can be used to 
facilitate the search for alpha signals within the huge data cloud. This 
computer-aided method, called automated alpha search, can significantly 
boost the efficiency of the search for signals, producing thousands of 
alphas in a single day. This comes at a price: not all of the signals found 
are real alphas. Many of the seemingly great alpha signals discovered by 
automated searches are noise fitted to the in-sample historical data and 
have no predictive power. Thus, the focus of any automated alpha search 
is avoiding overfitting to improve the quality of the output signal. This 
chapter reviews the process of building an automated alpha search system.
EFFICIENCY AND SCALE
The main focus of an automated search is to find a large number of 
alpha signals from an exponentially larger number of combinations of 
inputs and functions. These combinations can also be recursive; com-
binations of combinations can generate novel alpha signals. Such com-
plexity makes efficiency one of the foremost concerns in an automated 
search. This chapter presents the problems that are unique to automated 
alpha searches, decomposes the search process into tangible compo-
nents that are similar to those in a manual alpha search, and shows how 
the search for efficiency governs different treatments in each area.
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 119 ===
112 Finding Alphas
An automated search is subject to three problems resulting from its 
large scale: computational load, the inability to manually inspect every 
component, and lower confidence in each alpha. An automated search 
usually involves combining different data with different functions by 
trial and error. As a result, a high level of computational power is usu-
ally needed. Optimizations that reduce memory usage and improve 
speed can result in finding more and better alphas. The large number 
of combinations also means that it is impossible to inspect each of the 
resulting formulas by hand. Even if one wants to investigate a sample 
manually, the alpha expression can be very complicated and without 
obvious financial significance. Moreover, the sheer number of trials 
means that it is common for combinations that make no mathematical 
and economic sense to be erroneously recognized as alphas through 
survival bias. A good search process should reject such noise from the 
output or – better – should prevent it from happening in the first place. 
Last, the impossibility of inspecting every single alpha reduces the 
researcher’s confidence in each alpha compared with his confidence in 
alphas made by hand. Therefore, new kinds of testing are required for 
an automated search to maintain the quality of the alphas.
To address these three concerns, researchers can investigate three 
main components of any alpha search (manual or automated): input 
data, search algorithm, and signal testing (see Figure 15.1). Input data 
are meaningful financial variables, such as price, earnings, and news. 
…
Trial 
functions
…
X1
X2
XN
Y
f1…
f2
fM
Input 
data
Output 
alphas
Y = f1(X1, X2)
Y = f2(X2)
Y = f1(f2(X1), X3)
Search algorithm
Signal 
testing
Figure 15.1 The automated search process
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 120 ===
Alphas from Automated Search 113
The goal of any signal search is to use these data to predict a target func-
tion Y, which can be the future stock returns or variants thereof. To find 
the relationship between the input data and the target function, a fitting 
algorithm is used to determine the parameters of a preselected family of 
trial functions f (the simplest example being the linear functions). Once 
the alpha is found, it is tested for robustness.
INPUT DATA SHOULD NOT COME FROM TOO MANY 
CATEGORIES
Feeding too many input variables into the fitting algorithm will lead 
to better in-sample fit but usually will result in worse predictive power 
because of overfitting. Beyond this point, one often-overlooked issue is 
the number of data categories. Here the category refers to the type and 
source of data. Some commonly explored categories include, but are 
not limited to, price volume, analyst ratings, fundamental data, news, 
and insider trading. Trying to accommodate too many variables will 
likely lead to an overfitted result, but fitting variables from many dif-
ferent categories is often worse. Data from each category has its own 
characteristic frequency. For example, fundamental data usually exhib-
its clear quarterly cycles, price–volume data is generally uniform, and 
insider trading filings are typically randomly spaced. If the model con-
tains data from many different categories, it generally is more complex 
and more susceptible to noise in the data.
INPUT DATA AND UNITLESS RATIOS
Good stock return predictors should be homogeneous and comparable 
across stocks. As a result, raw financial data such as price and earn-
ings generally are not good predictors because they are not compara-
ble across different stocks. For example, the value of earnings is not 
cross-sectionally comparable, but earnings divided by revenue is. The 
reason is that dollar earnings depend on the size of the company. Larger 
companies usually have higher dollar earnings, but larger companies do 
not necessarily have higher stock returns. Similarly, earnings per share 
depend on the share size, so they also are not comparable across stocks. 
Earnings divided by revenue, however, show the profit margin as a per-
centage, so they can be compared across stocks.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 121 ===
114 Finding Alphas
Ratios of variables in the same category that are measured in the 
same units generally are comparable indicators. Another method is to 
compare the current value of a given bit of data with its historical value. 
For example, the current price divided by the average price over the 
past quarter is a unitless variable that can be compared across stocks. 
Note that some widely used ratios may not be good candidates for an 
automated search. For example, the famous P/E (share price divided 
by earnings per share) is not suitable for an automated search because 
the ratio can diverge if the value of earnings is near zero. The E/P ratio 
would be more suitable, as the price is never close to zero. Similarly, 
current earnings divided by the earnings of the previous period also 
can diverge.
These techniques to make comparable variables are essential in an 
automated search because of the researcher’s inability to inspect every 
alpha. By using only comparable variables as inputs to the search pro-
cess, it is possible to reduce the number of meaningless formulas cre-
ated in the system – for example, price minus volume. This lessens the 
computational load by reducing irrelevant parts of the search space and 
improves the alpha confidence because the alphas have a higher prob-
ability of making economical and mathematical sense.
UNNECESSARY SEARCH SPACE
In a manual alpha search, it may be possible to fit a small number of 
parameters and trial functions by exhaustive search because the manual 
search space is small. This is not feasible in an automated alpha search; 
the computational resources required to survey the whole space would 
be too great in practice. Therefore, it is important to narrow down the 
search space as much as possible.
One possible way is to screen out combinations of functions and data 
that do not make sense. For example, functions such as log that cannot 
take a negative input value should not be matched with stock returns. 
Human knowledge can be used to identify and drop some less useful 
input data. For example, if the aim of the search is to find short-term 
signals, the change in slowly varying data, such as industry classifica-
tion, can be omitted from the search space. Examining the coverage in 
time (how often the data change or become unavailable) and the cover-
age across stocks (how many stocks have the data available at a given 
time) also can help weed out less useful data. Last, an iterative search 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 122 ===
Alphas from Automated Search 115
uses an initial search across a coarse grid on the parameter space to 
find an area with possible alphas, and follows by placing a finer grid 
around the area. For example, in the first round of an iterative search, a 
momentum formula may be fitted to the timescale of both two months 
and six months. If the two-month period works better, one- and three- 
month periods can be used in the next round. Such a method breaks the 
process down into smaller and faster steps. It also yields intermediate 
results that can be used to evolve the search process on the fly. Iterative 
search also can be applied to the trial functions by searching for func-
tions of functions that create good results.
INTERMEDIATE VARIABLES
Performing a manual alpha search often reveals that an intermediate 
variable involving a simple function of more than one piece of basic 
input data can make a strong alpha. One example is the aforementioned 
P/E ratio, which is a composite of the price and the earnings data. An 
automated search also may find such useful intermediate variables, 
which appear in many alphas. It is possible to reduce the computational 
load if the search system can record these variables and reuse them in 
other searches. Similarly, the combinations of the trial functions can 
be recorded and reused. This reuse of prevalent intermediate variables 
is one of the bases for genetic algorithms (GAs), a full discussion of 
which is beyond the scope of this chapter.
SEAS OF ALPHAS, NOT SINGLE ALPHAS
In addition to the input data, the search algorithm itself can be optimized. 
Unlike a manual alpha search, in which the goal is usually to find the sin-
gle best alpha in a small parameter space, an automated search looks for 
a number of good alphas in a large search space. Therefore, the algorithm 
should not try to find the global optimum in the search space but to find 
as many local optima over as large an area as possible. The ability to find 
a diversified set of alphas depends not only on the search algorithm but on 
how the search space is defined. As mentioned earlier, a researcher should 
filter out irrational combinations of functions and data beforehand so as 
to traverse only the sensible search areas. Further, by recording the most 
productive search areas, the researcher can concentrate the next search 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 123 ===
116 Finding Alphas
run on such areas to find more alphas and increase confidence, or avoid 
such areas to seek other undiscovered signals. The ability to find diverse 
alphas across the search space is one measure of how well the search 
algorithm and the search space are constructed.
SIMPLE ALPHAS
Because an automated search can yield a large number of alphas, a 
researcher may be tempted to keep increasing the complexity of the 
function space to obtain more alphas. Because good alphas are usually 
simple, this depth-based approach of making complex alphas is prone 
to generating a lot of noise functions that look like alphas in sample 
but perform badly out of sample. Therefore, the researcher should limit 
the depth of the search and focus more on a breadth-based approach 
by expanding the search space – the input data and trial functions. The 
quantity of the alphas found will generally grow more slowly, but the 
quality should be significantly higher.
LONGER BACKTESTING PERIODS
Increasing the backtesting period raises the available number of data 
points and increases the statistical significance of the result, but only 
under the assumption that the dynamics beneath the data are the same. 
This is not always true for financial markets. The market players and 
their behaviors change rapidly and in turn change the financial market 
dynamics. Therefore, it is a compromise when choosing the length of 
input data: if the period is too short, there will be less data and less con-
fidence in the result, but if the period is too long, the shifting underlying 
dynamics may make the result less reliable.
In a manual search, one generally has an idea of what market dynam-
ics are being captured and how long they are expected to persist. An 
automated system lacks this advantage, so one may want to consider 
quantitative methods for detecting when the backtesting period is too 
long, such as splitting the backtest and checking consistency across 
periods. At the cost of a modest increase in computational complexity, 
it may be possible to update certain parameters dynamically within the 
alphas rather than fitting them as part of the search, so that a longer 
backtesting period remains relevant.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 124 ===
Alphas from Automated Search 117
Another concern with a longer backtesting period, especially in a 
large-scale search, is the higher computational load. In an iterative 
search, an incremental backtest period is a useful trick to take advan-
tage of a longer backtest period without using excessive resources. For 
example, one starts the first round of the search with a backtest period 
from date M to date N. In the next round, traversing the finer grid of a 
smaller search space, the period of M−0.5year to N+0.5year is used. In 
the third round, the period of M−1year to N+1year is used, and so on. 
This way, the first rounds, where only a preliminary result is expected, 
are much faster to run, while the later rounds, where the fine-tuning 
occurs, use more data points for greater robustness. Extending the back-
test period to each consecutive round also adds a quasi out-of-sample 
test at every round, allowing us to measure the yield and gain confi-
dence in the alphas if the yield is high or abort the search if the yield is 
low and survivor bias is a concern.
ALPHA BATCH, NOT SINGLE ALPHA PERFORMANCE
In human research, each alpha usually is supported by economic or 
financial reasoning; the quality of alphas largely depends on the robust-
ness of the parameter fitting, which is independent from one alpha to 
another. Therefore, the confidence of each manual alpha can be meas-
ured separately. For example, the quality can be inferred from the back-
test performance or the parameter sensitivity test. By contrast, in an 
automated search each alpha does not have a predetermined explanation 
behind it, so the confidence in the alpha depends not only on the fitting 
algorithm but also on the search space. Therefore, it is less meaning-
ful to ask about the quality of individual alphas than about the qual-
ity of the search as a whole. The aggregated performance of alphas 
made from the same search space and search algorithm is called the 
batch performance. This is analogous to an orchestra, whose quality is 
measured based on the whole ensemble, not on the music of individual 
performers.
Selection bias is a common pitfall, arising from an excessive focus 
on single alphas. After completing an automated search, it is tempting 
to test the out-of-sample performance of each output alpha and select 
only those that perform well. This practice, however, can introduce a 
selection bias into the alpha batch because the out-of-sample perfor -
mance has been used in the alpha selection. As a result, it no longer can 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 125 ===
118 Finding Alphas
be considered out of sample. To alleviate this bias, consider the statisti-
cal significance of the average performance of all the alphas in the batch 
and decide whether to accept or reject the whole batch. For example, 
suppose a batch of 100 alphas is produced with a cutoff in-sample infor-
mation ratio IR 01 5. . The alphas are tested and found to have an 
average out-of-sample IR 00 1. , with standard deviation of IR 01 2. .  
Sixty alphas have out-of-sample IR 0 and the rest < 0. In this case, 
the average out-of-sample IR is too low, so all 100 alphas should be 
rejected, including the 60 with positive out-of-sample performance.
Studying batch statistics can help spot errors in the system that oth -
erwise can be very hard to identify. For example, a system is set up to 
find low-turnover alphas using data that is updated quarterly, but the 
turnover of the output alpha batch is unusually high. This can point to a 
possible error in parameter fitting. Batch statistics also can yield useful 
information about the input data and trial functions; for example, the 
data or functions that show up many times in the alpha batch may have 
higher predicting power. Such insights can be used to further optimize 
the search space for subsequent runs.
Another application of alpha batch statistics is a technique called a 
yield test. If a researcher uses a set of search space (input data and func-
tions) that makes economic or financial sense, she can expect the num-
ber of alphas found in this space to be higher than those found from a 
set of noisy data input or functions; that is, the good search space should 
have higher yield than the noisy search space. Therefore, the researcher 
can try feeding noise inputs into the automated search system and com-
pare the yield and quality of the output alpha batch. The batch based on 
noise inputs should be worse than the batch from the supposedly good 
search space. If the number and quality of the alphas do not differ much 
regardless of whether a good or a noisy input is used, this can indicate 
a bad overall process, suggesting that the resulting alpha batches, even 
those from the clean space, are likely to be noisy.
DIVERSIFY THE ALPHA BATCH
A diversified portfolio has lower risk. This principle also can be applied 
to batches of alphas from different automated searches. Each alpha 
batch already possesses some diversification because it contains many 
single alphas. However, a researcher can increase diversification at the 
batch level by varying the set of input data (for example, fundamentals, 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 126 ===
Alphas from Automated Search 119
price–volume), trial functions (linear combination, time-series regres-
sion), performance testing (maximizing returns, minimizing risk), or 
even the search process itself (different iterative processes). Combining 
alphas from many batches may further reduce the correlations among 
the alphas and the overall portfolio risk.
SENSITIVITY TESTS AND SIGNIFICANCE TESTS
A good alpha signal should be insensitive to noise. Cross-validation of 
data from different periods, from different durations, on random sub-
sets of data, on each sector of stocks, and so forth can be a good way 
to mitigate the risks of overfitting, as well as the risks of noise data: we 
have more confidence in the signals that are less sensitive to these input 
changes. On the other hand, each input data field should make a signifi-
cant contribution to the result. The simplest way to test significance is 
to remove one input variable or replace it with noise and check whether 
the result changes significantly. We trust the signal more if each input 
variable makes a significant contribution.
MANUAL ALPHA SEARCH
A high-quality alpha search requires careful handling of the input data, 
trial functions, search algorithm, and performance testing. It is initially 
difficult to pinpoint the proper choices for each of these, especially when 
working with a new set of input data or objective functions. Therefore, 
before venturing into an automated search, it is imperative to start with 
a manual search on the same input, because the complexity is lower and 
it is easier to understand all aspects of each alpha. Once the inputs are 
clearly understood, a researcher can generalize the process and make it 
suitable for an automated search.
CONCLUSION
An automated alpha search offers many advantages over a conventional 
manual alpha search – in particular, significant increases in efficiency 
and volume. The downside is that it requires caution in several areas. 
Automated search may exacerbate the extent of overfitting, which can 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 127 ===
120 Finding Alphas
be countered by careful and meaningful variable selection, input data 
category restriction, selection of testing periods, and sensitivity tests. 
These are all critical steps to avoid overfitting and generate genuine 
alphas. Last, by considering batch performance, improvements and 
diversification can be applied to the batch level; this is difficult to do 
with alphas obtained by manual search because of the low numbers of 
similar alphas and the difficulty of clustering different alphas together. 
With advances in the field of artificial intelligence, we expect automated 
alpha search to continue to grow in interest and importance.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 128 ===
16
Machine Learning in 
Alpha Research
By Michael Kozlov
INTRODUCTION
Over the past several decades, machine learning has become a common 
tool for almost any task that requires information extraction from large 
datasets. In alpha research, several common problems can be solved 
using a machine learning methodology:
 • Regression problems, in which Y and X are quantitative variables 
and Y is inferred by a function YF X .
 • Classification problems , in which Y is a qualitative variable and 
inferred from a quantitative variable X.
 • Cauterization problems , in which a quantitative variable X is 
observed and classified into groups with similar features.
In this chapter, we will introduce the most common techniques used 
to address these problems.
In alpha research, it is not important to describe perfectly what has 
happened in the past, but it is important to be as precise as possible 
in predicting the future. Therefore, we are faced with the following 
dilemma: an overly complex model may enable perfect calibration but 
lead to overfitting and a poor quality of prediction, whereas an overly 
simplistic model that fits the sample data very poorly has no chance of 
predicting future behavior more accurately.
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 129 ===
122 Finding Alphas
MACHINE LEARNING METHODS
Historically, the field of machine learning received a boost after World War 
II, when humanity faced a pressing need to analyze a lot of information and 
make a lot of correct decisions quickly, beyond what would have been pos-
sible by relying solely on human common sense and computational abili-
ties. In 1957, Frank Rosenblatt of Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory invented 
what he called the perceptron, in what is commonly referred to as the begin-
ning of machine learning as a science. The idea was obvious and promising: 
if the human brain is nothing but an assembly of neurons, we can create an 
artificial neuron; just like a natural neuron, it would be pretty simple.
The artificial neuron was implemented as the simplest linear classi-
fier of input signals. Each artificial neuron has parameters that can be 
fit on a set of training examples. A perceptron is an assembly of neurons 
that may represent a stronger and more complex classifier. The disad-
vantage of perceptrons is that having too many parameters may lead to 
overfitting, when positive training results do not have strong predictive 
power for the new data.
In the 1960s, Soviet scientists Vladimir Vapnik and Alexey 
Chervonenkis invented the generalized portrait algorithm, which later 
developed into the family of classification algorithms known as support 
vector machines (SVMs). The generalized portrait and SVMs were new 
steps in machine learning. In contrast to the perceptron, with SVMs the 
solution presumes that the accuracy achieved during training is pre-
served out of sample and hence prevents overfitting.
Let’s now briefly review the most important directions and methods 
in machine learning (see Figure 16.1).
Supervised and Unsupervised Learning Algorithms
The term “supervised algorithm” means that we expect the machine to train 
itself from a set of ground-truth examples we provide. For instance, we pre-
pare a set of pictures with the correct labels “cat” and “dog” and expect the 
machine to train itself to distinguish between them. Another example would 
be the set of correct results (selected from the past) for a prediction task.
The term “unsupervised algorithm” refers also to cauterization tasks, 
where we don’t know the correct answers in advance. In this case, the 
machine search is directed only by some predefined quality criterion.
For example, in alpha research the task of predicting stock prices can be 
a good application of supervised learning, and the task of selecting stocks 
for inclusion in a portfolio is an application of unsupervised learning.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 130 ===
Machine Learning in Alpha Research 123
Statistical Models
Models like naive Bayes, linear discriminant analysis, the hidden 
Markov model, and logistic regression are good for solving relatively 
simple problems that do not need high precision of classification or 
prediction. These methods are easy to implement and not too sensitive 
to missing data. The disadvantage is that each of these approaches pre-
sumes some specific data model.
Trend analysis is an example of applications of statistical models in 
alpha research. In particular, a hidden Markov model is frequently utilized 
for that purpose, based on the belief that price movements of the stock mar-
ket are not totally random. In a statistics framework, the hidden Markov 
model is a composition of two or more stochastic processes: a hidden 
Markov chain, which accounts for the temporal variability, and an observ-
able process, which accounts for the spectral variability. In this approach, 
the pattern of the stock market behavior is determined based on these prob-
ability values at a particular time. The goal is to figure out the hidden state 
sequence given the observation sequence, extract the long-term probability 
distribution, and identify the current trend relative to that distribution.
Support Vector Machines
A support vector machine is a machine learning algorithm with a strong 
theoretical basis. It is very robust and has several modifications for vari-
ous types of problems, but it usually requires a lot of training time and is 
Clusterization
algorithms 
Fuzzy logic
Supervised
methods 
Statistical
models 
Support vector
machines 
Neural
networks 
Ensemble
methods 
Random
forest
AdaBoost
Deep learning
algorithms 
Unsupervised
methods 
Machine
learning 
Figure 16.1 The most developed directions of machine learning. The most 
popular are in black
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 131 ===
124 Finding Alphas
not the best technique for parallel computations; this is a disadvantage 
for modern algorithms.
The main idea of SVMs is that, given a set of data points in a vector 
space classified into two nonoverlapping groups (categories), an SVM 
algorithm partitions the space into two subsets to maximize the distance 
between the training points and the boundary. New instances are then 
mapped into the same space and assigned to the category.
SVMs can be a very useful method for the analysis and prediction 
of financial time series because they can be formulated in terms of a 
risk function consisting of the empirical error and a regularized term 
that is derived from the structural risk minimization principle. A com-
mon approach is to use a vector regression (SVR) to solve regression 
and prediction problems. By varying the margins of the SVR, you can 
simulate changes in the volatility of the financial data. Furthermore, in 
an SVR the effects of asymmetrical margins can be taken into account, 
reducing the downside risk of the model.
Neural Networks
Neural networks (NNs) grew out of the idea to represent the structure of 
the human brain with artificial neurons very similar to natural ones. It 
was quickly observed that the key point is not the neuron structure itself 
but how neurons are connected to one another and how they are trained. 
So far, there is no theory of how to build an NN for any specific task. In 
fact, an NN is not a specific algorithm but a specific way to represent 
algorithms. There is a well-known backpropagation algorithm for train-
ing NNs. Neural networks are very efficient, given sufficient comput-
ing power. Today they have many applications and play an important 
role in a number of artificial intelligence systems, including machines 
that beat human players in chess and Go, determine credit ratings, and 
detect fraudulent activity on the internet. However, the lack of theory 
and lack of internal transparency of NNs (whose internal logic is hard 
to interpret) have somewhat hampered their development.
Ensemble Methods
Ensemble methods, like random forest and AdaBoost, aggregate the 
solutions of multiple “weak” classifiers or predictors with poor indi-
vidual accuracy to obtain a stronger classification or a more precise 
prediction. The random forest algorithm constructs a set of simple deci-
sion trees relying on training examples, then makes these trees “vote” 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 132 ===
Machine Learning in Alpha Research 125
to produce the final decision for new cases. AdaBoost (for “adaptive 
boosting” algorithm) aggregates various “weak” classifiers (albeit 
with higher than 50% accuracy each) to obtain the final decision as a 
weighted sum of “weak” decisions. These algorithms are very scalable 
and good for parallel computations.
Because the main idea of random forest and AdaBoost is to combine 
rough and moderately inaccurate weak hypotheses to form a very accu-
rate strong one, they frequently are used for portfolio optimization. For 
example, we can start with a set of relatively weak alphas and construct 
a stable and well-performing strategy using the random forest and Ada-
Boost methodologies.
However, strong classifiers learned by random forest and AdaBoost 
tend to have high error rates. Some improved variants of these algo-
rithms have been proposed recently to reduce the rate of false positives. 
For example, AsymBoost balances the asymmetric costs of false nega-
tives and false positives somewhat by reweighting the positive and neg-
ative samples at each training round. Another alternative is FloatBoost, 
which incorporates the backtracking mechanism of floating search and 
repeatedly performs a backtracking to remove unfavorable weak clas-
sifiers after a new weak classifier is added by AdaBoost; this ensures a 
lower error rate and reduced feature set at the cost of about five times 
longer training time.
Deep Learning
Deep learning (DL) is a popular topic today – and a term that is used 
to discuss a number of rather distinct things. Some data scientists think 
DL is just a buzz word or a rebranding of neural networks. The name 
comes from Canadian scientist Geoffrey Hinton, who created an unsu-
pervised method known as the restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM) 
for pretraining NNs with a large number of neuron layers. That was 
meant to improve on the backpropagation training method, but there is 
no strong evidence that it really was an improvement. Another direction 
in deep learning is recurrent neural networks (RNNs) and natural lan-
guage processing. One problem that arises in calibrating RNNs is that 
the changes in the weights from step to step can become too small or too 
large. This is called the vanishing gradient problem.
These days, the words “deep learning” more often refer to convolu-
tional neural networks (CNNs). The architecture of CNNs was intro-
duced by computer scientists Kunihiko Fukushima, who developed the 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 133 ===
126 Finding Alphas
neocognitron model (feed-forward NN), and Yann LeCun, who modi-
fied the backpropagation algorithm for neocognitron training. CNNs 
require a lot of resources for training, but they can be easily parallelized 
and therefore are a good candidate for parallel computations.
When applying deep learning, we seek to stack several independent 
neural network layers that by working together produce better results 
than the shallow individual structures. There is some evidence that 
employing deep learning to time-series analysis and forecasting has 
better results when compared with previously existing techniques. The 
most popular architecture for time series and forecasting was the deep 
belief network proposed by Kuremoto et al. (2014).
Fuzzy Logic Methods
In classical logic, every statement is true or false. In real life and human 
logic, however, this is not always enough; some statements are “likely 
true,” “indefinite,” “unlikely,” and so forth. In other words, there is a 
grayscale between yes and no. By allowing machines to operate with 
such underdefined statements, we can produce what’s known as fuzzy 
logic, which has imprecise inference rules and provides mechanisms to 
make decisions under a lack of information.
Financial analysts are showing an increasing interest in using expert 
systems and neural networks to model financial processes and market 
performance. But it’s also important to recognize that fuzzy logic meth-
ods are gaining popularity in the development of hybridized expert and 
neural network software systems. In fuzzy expert systems, we attempt 
to specify fuzzy rules, which allows greater variety in response, depend-
ing on the degree of belief built into the decision rules.
CONCLUSION
Certainly, data is one of the most valuable resources in the modern digi-
tal world. Machine learning has become a common tool to extract infor-
mation from large datasets. While science is leaping forward to novel 
data management frameworks, software solutions, and algorithms to 
facilitate the usage of this resource, the world itself is exponentially 
increasing in volume and complexity. Therefore, it is impossible to uti-
lize the entire set of available data for alpha construction purposes with-
out machine learning techniques.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 134 ===
17
Thinking in Algorithms
By Sunny Mahajan
A good quant should be a jack of all trades and, with time and experi-
ence, a master of some. Effectively navigating various unexplored land-
scapes requires skill, care, and the right set of tools to get you to your 
destination in one piece. With the passage of time and technological 
progress, we have discovered many new ways of making this journey 
more quickly and more safely. Manipulating huge swaths of structured 
as well as unstructured datasets in the hope of making it to that ever- 
lucrative alpha is no less than an expedition, and algorithms serve as our 
trusted advisers on these exciting adventures.
To stay competitive, you need to be well equipped and, more impor-
tantly, you need to choose the right tool for the job. Even with the right 
tool, you have to make a decision between finesse and brute force. In 
predictive modeling, knowing how to walk this fine line makes all the 
difference. That said, let’s take a look at some of the mathematical tech-
niques and algorithms that should be part of your quant tool kit. We will 
go through the underlying intuition and the practical use cases for these 
algorithms.
DIGITAL FILTERS
Digital filters perform mathematical operations on discrete time sig-
nals to attenuate or amplify certain frequencies. These mathematical 
transforms are characterized by transfer functions that describe how 
they respond to various inputs. As such, digital filter design involves 
expressing performance specifications in the form of a suitable trans-
fer function.
Two classes of digital filters are finite impulse response (FIR) and 
infinite impulse response (IIR). The key difference between them is that 
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 135 ===
128 Finding Alphas
IIR uses feedback and FIR does not. In terms of the type of filtering 
involved, basic filter types are low-pass filters (which attenuate higher 
frequencies), high-pass filters (which attenuate lower frequencies), 
band-pass filters (which keep only a certain band of frequencies), and 
band-stop filters (which attenuate a band of frequencies). The ampli-
fication or attenuation introduced by a filter is called its gain and is a 
function of signal frequency. By combining the basic filter types, you 
can end up with the desired transfer function.
One of the most popular applications of digital filters is to smooth 
time-series data – simple and exponential moving averages are essen-
tially low-pass filters. In addition, the lag introduced by digital filters 
depends on the transfer function characteristics. As such, with the right 
digital filter design, it is possible to achieve equivalent or better smooth-
ing with reduced lag, and lower lag is preferable.
Another popular use of digital filters is in time-series decomposi-
tion. With a suitable combination of low-pass, band-pass, and high-pass 
filters, you can effectively decompose the raw time series into its trend 
and cycle components. With these extracted components, we can design 
better indicators and trading signals. Once you understand the basics of 
transfer function modeling, it is easy to design and test custom filters.
In addition to the simple moving average and exponential moving 
average, it’s good to have in your tool kit an effective low-pass filter 
known as a Butterworth filter. For high-pass filtering, you can just sub-
tract the low-pass filter output from the original time series.
OPTIMIZATION AND LOSS FUNCTION DESIGN
The heart of any optimization problem is selecting an optimal solution 
from a set of feasible solutions. Feasibility is usually defined by design 
specifications, production requirements, and manufacturing-process 
limits. The optimality of a solution is quantified in terms of minimizing 
a loss function (or a cost function).
The choice of a good loss function differentiates an effective opti-
mization algorithm from an ineffective one and depends on the nature 
of the problem, as well as the dataset. To illustrate our point, consider 
the differences between the L1 norm and the L2 norm. The L2 norm 
squares the individual error terms and heavily penalizes the optimizer 
for larger error terms. Although this can be desirable when we’d like our 
solution to have a good performance across the dataset, it can end up 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 136 ===
Thinking in Algorithms 129
being nonrobust in the presence of outliers. On the other hand, the L1 
norm formulation is quite robust and generates sparse solutions, but it 
can be unstable. In practice, this means that many of the error terms end 
up being zero, while some can be quite large; this does not bode well for 
our worst-case performance.
Also employed in the form of regularization, the L1 norm and L2 
norm have been used successfully to improve performance over ordi-
nary least squares regression. In the classical form, standard regres-
sion penalizes the error terms with an L2 norm. However, this often 
suffers from the problem of unreasonably large and unstable model 
coefficients, especially in the presence of highly correlated predictors. 
This can be dealt with by adding an L2 norm penalty on the model 
coefficients, which penalizes the optimizer for large coefficients (also 
known as ridge regression or Tikhonov regularization). Additionally, if 
we know that only a subset of the predictors are actually useful, we can 
embed that sparsity structure in the learning problem by including an 
L1 norm penalty on the model coefficients (i.e. a Lasso regression). The 
Lasso technique has been successfully used as a feature selection strat-
egy in several real-world applications. It’s not uncommon to encounter 
both the problems described above in the same application; this is easily 
solved by including both the L1 norm and the L2 norm penalties on the 
model coefficients (i.e. elastic net). This gives us a nice trade-off among 
performance, robustness, sparsity, and stability.
It is also worth noting that there exists an interesting function called 
the Huber loss, which uses L2 norm for smaller values of error and 
switches to L1 norm for error terms exceeding a user-specified thresh-
old. This loss function has the robustness of L1 norm and the stability of 
L2 norm, and often performs better than either in real-world problems.
Once you understand the basic properties of various loss functions, 
it is possible to get creative and devise effective solutions for everyday 
quant problems using optimization.
THE BIAS–VARIANCE TRADE-OFF
In an ideal setup, we would have the perfect learning algorithm trained 
on sufficient and complete data to build our predictive models. Unfor -
tunately, real-life problems are not so manageable.
The curse of dimensionality implies that with an increasing num-
ber of features, we need exponentially more data for our results to be 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 137 ===
130 Finding Alphas
meaningful. To make matters worse, we are faced with the trade-off 
between information decay and statistical significance. We want to use 
a large enough data sample to obtain statistically significant results. 
However, the further we go back in history, the less relevant our data 
points become, because most real-life problems involve moving targets. 
The structure and parameters of the model are evolving continuously, 
and we have only a limited amount of representative data samples from 
recent history.
To give our learning algorithms a fighting chance, we need to reduce 
the dimensionality of the problem or embed some prior knowledge of 
the problem structure in the learning process.
Models with high variance tend to overfit on training data, exhibit 
high variability in their predictions, and fail to generalize on test data. 
By reducing the dimensionality of our problem, we limit the degrees of 
freedom in the learning process.
Models with high bias tend to oversimplify the problem. Although 
they do not tend to overfit, they suffer from underfitting and have poor 
performance on both training and test datasets. However, when used in 
moderation, some relevant assumptions or prior knowledge of the prob-
lem structure can help the learning algorithm counter the overfitting 
problem described above and generate better predictive models.
With awareness of the two extreme ends of this spectrum, let’s now 
discuss the use of dimensionality reduction and shrinkage to effectively 
manage the bias–variance trade-off.
DIMENSIONALITY REDUCTION
Also commonly referred to as feature extraction, dimensionality reduc-
tion deals with the problem of extracting the underlying structure of 
a dataset by expressing it in terms of a few features that explain most 
of the variation in the underlying data. As mentioned earlier, this is 
immensely useful in predictive modeling to counter the effects of the 
curse of dimensionality.
One of the most commonly used nonparametric dimensionality 
reduction algorithms in quantitative finance is principal component 
analysis (PCA). It has been used successfully for building statistical 
risk models, developing asset allocation algorithms for portfolio con-
struction (principal portfolios), and clustering.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 138 ===
Thinking in Algorithms 131
An extension of PCA, sparse principal component analysis (sPCA), 
adds a sparsity constraint on input variables. In ordinary PCA, the com-
ponents are usually linear combinations of all input variables; sPCA 
overcomes this limitation by finding components that contain just a 
few independent variables. As such, sPCA is often more effective at 
noise removal than PCA and is useful for feature selection thanks to the 
baked-in sparsity constraint.
SHRINKAGE ESTIMATORS
When dealing with datasets of high dimensionality and limited data 
samples, we can often improve upon naive or raw estimators by com-
bining them with some additional information about the problem, usu-
ally in the form of a structural estimator. Essentially, shrinkage converts 
an unbiased raw estimator into an improved biased one.
A very popular and successful application of shrinkage is in improv-
ing the estimates of the covariance matrix for asset allocation and risk 
management. Ledoit and Wolf (2004) demonstrate that by shrinking the 
sample estimator of the covariance matrix toward a structural estimator 
(based on the constant correlation model), they are able to construct 
portfolios that outperform those based on the naive sample estimator of 
the covariance matrix. The usefulness of shrinkage in improving statis-
tical estimates has stood the test of time.
PARAMETER OPTIMIZATION
The choice of parameters is very important in the out-of-sample perfor-
mance of quant models. Static parameters do not account for the fact 
that most problems in finance involve moving targets, and the optimal 
parameter set is a function of problem characteristics that need not nec-
essarily be static or uniform in the cross section of our trading universe. 
In many cases, you can do better by using dynamic parameters, which 
change with time as well as the characteristics of the cross section. For 
example, you could improve a simple news trading strategy by account-
ing for the efficiency of stocks as a function of their market caps. Large 
caps attract more attention and are therefore more information efficient 
than their small-cap counterparts. As such, you can potentially improve 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 139 ===
132 Finding Alphas
the performance by modulating the holding period of such a strat-
egy as a function of the market capitalization. This involves dynamic 
parameterization, which changes with the characteristics of the entity 
being modeled.
Static and dynamic algorithms do not exploit any information gained 
from the performance of the algorithm out of sample. By closing the 
feedback loop and using this information, it is possible to fine-tune the 
algorithm parameterization based on realized performance. Going one 
step further, we have self-adaptive algorithms, in which the parameter 
tuning logic is embedded in the primary algorithm and takes place auto-
matically as the program runs.
CONCLUSION
Thinking in algorithms allows us to build simpler, more efficient solu-
tions to everyday quant problems. It enables us to conduct research 
in a disciplined fashion, uncover new insights, and confidently apply 
predictive models. Algorithm research is a discipline in itself, and it is 
important to keep abreast of the latest innovations to maintain our math-
ematical and technological edge in the pursuit of alphas.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 140 ===
PART III
Extended Topics
 
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 141 ===
18
Equity Price and Volume
By Cong Li and Huaiyu Zhou
INTRODUCTION
In finance, the efficient market hypothesis (EMH) asserts that finan-
cial markets are “information efficient.” That is, with the information 
available at the time that the investment is made, one cannot consist-
ently achieve returns in excess of average market returns on a risk-
 
adjusted basis.
There are three major v
ersions of the EMH: the weak, the sem-
istrong, and the strong. The weak hypothesis states that the prices 
of traded assets (for example, stocks, bonds, or property) already 
reflect all past available public information. The semistrong hypoth-
esis argues that all past publicly available information and current 
public information already has been priced into securities. The strong 
hypothesis declares that all public and private information is reflected 
in a security’s price. Thus, given only the current and historical  
price-volume data, the EMH implies that it is impossible to make 
a profit in an efficient market and that there are no such things as  
price-volume alphas.
Is this true? No, it is not. Although the development of informa-
tion technology, information processing, and automatic trading, in 
addition to other advances have brought the market closer to full 
efficiency, full efficiency has not, and may never be, attained. Quan-
titative traders seek to profit from remaining inefficiencies. Price–
volume alphas, relying only on the market data, continue to refute 
the EMH every day.
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 142 ===
136 Finding Alphas
SEEKING PROFITS THROUGH PRICE AND VOLUME
Trading Frequencies
Price–volume alphas can seek profits from trading at different rebal-
ancing frequencies. Unlike some long-term investors who balance 
their positions once a quarter, active portfolio managers typically 
trade more frequently. They may rebalance their portfolios daily – 
and sometimes multiple times a day. The more often they trade, the 
more likely their performance will be statistically significant. The 
mean of N  random variables drawn from independent and identical 
Gaussian, or normal, distributions has the same mean but 1/sqrt(N ) 
of the standard deviation of the original distribution. Given the same 
information coefficient, traded four times more often, we can expect 
an information ratio (IR) that is two times better. Also, more-frequent 
trading allows active portfolio managers to target short-lived trad-
ing opportunities that will vanish if the portfolio is balanced only 
monthly or quarterly. In some cases, a specific event will drive the 
price and volume to abnormally high or low values, causing price–
volume anomalies. Only fast-moving traders can react to such anom-
alies, trade accordingly, and seek to profit when the price reverts to 
its usual level.
Once costs are taken into account, however, potential profits from 
such anomalies decrease, and many become nonexistent. Trading 
costs are highly related to trading frequencies. According to a study 
by researchers at the University of Rochester (Novy-Marx and Velikov 
2015), strategies that turn over their portfolios more than five times per 
year may lose more than 1% per month on trading costs. There gener -
ally is a trade-off between higher IRs and lower trading costs.
Momentum-Reversion
Traders can profit by looking at price and volume in different ways. 
Instead of considering only individual instruments, it is possible to 
treat the entire pool of tradable assets as a whole. Looking at a sin-
gle instrument, we can see technical indicators like the moving aver -
age convergence– divergence (MACD), which measures momentum by 
subtracting the longer-term moving average of prices from the shorter- 
term one, or the average true range (ATR), a moving average-based 
measure of volatility (generally over a 14-day horizon). When we look 
at a portfolio, we see different things, such as the interrelationships of 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 143 ===
Equity Price and Volume 137
the instruments, their co-movement as a group, and instruments that 
appear temporarily or permanently as outliers compared with the oth-
ers. It is possible to apply global optimization and group risk neutraliza-
tion across the whole group.
One interesting phenomenon is the momentum-reversion effect. 
Single instruments usually exhibit momentum. Assets tend to follow 
their historical trends – stronger or weaker assets tend to continue being 
stronger or weaker for a certain time period – so an investor can attempt 
to profit by following the trend. However, within a sufficiently corre-
lated group of stocks, the picture is quite different. For example, within 
an industry or subindustry, stronger stocks usually will revert to being 
weaker in the near future.
Furthermore, the presence of a momentum-reversion effect depends 
on the time horizon. In general, prices tend to revert to the mean over 
short periods, such as intraday or daily horizons, but they tend to follow 
the trend over longer horizons of weeks or months. Here are two differ-
ent strategies based on the S&P 500 index.
The first is an intraday mean-reversion strategy based on the previ-
ous day’s high and low levels. When the previous day’s price is down 
and the range (high–low) exceeds a given threshold, the strategy will 
buy the previous day’s low and sell at the end of the day, with no stop- 
loss or profit target. The rationale is that days with higher intraday vola-
tility will see stronger mean reversion and volatility is usually higher in 
bear markets.
Trend-following, or momentum, strategies work on a longer horizon. 
Here are some sample strategies (Clare et al. 2013):
 • Strategy 1 (simple daily moving averages): a buy signal occurs when 
the S&P 500’s value moves above the average price of a reasonable 
time window (250 days or 500 days).
 • Strategy 2 (moving average crossovers): a buy signal occurs when 
the shorter-duration average of the S&P 500’s value moves above the 
longer-duration average.
 • Strategy 3 (breakout rules): a buy signal occurs when the S&P 500’s 
value trades at an “x-day” high.
Simulating the strategies above using data from July 1988 to 
June 2011 shows that they outperform the market, with annualized 
returns ranging from 10.5% to 11.6% and Sharpe ratios ranging from 
0.54 to 0.62.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 144 ===
138 Finding Alphas
Integer Effect
Psychological factors also can be sources of price–volume alphas. 
When human traders (as opposed to computers) plan to buy Apple 
(AAPL) shares, they tend to issue orders like “BUY N shares with limit 
price of 100 USD.” Humans are less likely to input orders like “SELL 
AAPL with limit price of 155.29 USD.” Round numbers (integers, tens, 
or hundreds) attract a lot more attention from human traders, and this 
can be targeted in designing alphas. Another example is that people 
look at price movements asymmetrically: most people care less about 
a 1% rise in their holdings than a corresponding 1% loss. Furthermore, 
people tend to hold their losing positions too long and sell their win-
ning positions too soon. By studying such psychological factors, quant 
researchers can find price trading signals.
Price–Volume with Other Types of Data
Price–volume data has great predictive power when combined with 
other types of data, especially firmwide events. A particularly signif-
icant price or volume movement often is a reflection of a known or 
unknown market event that likely will have a further impact on market 
sentiment over time. For example, an empirical study shows that pre-
dictable increases in volume lead to predictable increases in prices when 
quarterly earnings announcements generate substantial volume shocks, 
which leads to predictable subsequent returns (Frazzini and Lamont 
2007). A strategy of buying the stock of every company expected to 
announce earnings over the next month and shorting stocks not expected 
to make an announcement generates in testing excess average annual 
returns of 7–18%. The effect is especially strong for large-cap securi-
ties. The study has a relatively long in-sample period, from 1927–2004, 
showing that the result is robust over different market regimes.
CONCLUSION
The simple examples discussed in this chapter show that price–volume 
strategies can be viable. Many other types of signals can be extracted 
from price–volume data, such as market sentiment and the average buy 
price of different investors. Technical indicators are designed to describe 
these kinds of information and may help investors better understand and 
predict stock price movements.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 145 ===
Equity Price and Volume 139
In the finance industry, it is important to trade unique models that 
have not already been arbitraged away by other market participants. 
Each trader cherishes his or her models and keeps them well hidden. A 
model is valuable only when it has limited exposure. Once it becomes 
public, its predictive power diminishes and soon disappears (occasion-
ally reappearing years later, after it has been forgotten). The market 
is also evolving; old models decay as new ones emerge. The constant 
search for new models is the key to why some firms can survive in this 
business. There are almost unlimited ways to use simple equity price 
and volume data in quantitative finance.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 146 ===
19
Financial Statement Analysis
By Paul A. Griffin and Sunny Mahajan
Financial statements are formal records of a company’s financial health 
for a given period of time or at a given point in time. Security analysis, 
popularized by Benjamin Graham and David Dodd in their 1934 clas-
sic investing tome (2009), is the in-depth study of these statements on 
a per company basis to gauge the potential for excess returns based on 
a company’s underlying qualities. This analysis is used by fundamental 
value investors, Warren Buffett being the most famous practitioner. It 
contrasts with studying the movements and order flow of stock prices, 
as discussed by Edwin Lefèvre in Reminiscences of a Stock Operator 
(2006), or other technical analysis approaches, such as momentum- 
based strategies, which make bets based on an expectation that price 
trends will continue into the future (see Chan et  al. 1996 and refer -
ences therein).
Financial statement analysis attempts to systematically measure the 
effect of factors computed using these statements and to determine their 
ability to predict future returns; investors can use it to rank, sort, and 
filter companies to seek to create a portfolio with improved financial 
strength. The opinion that financial statement analysis can be leveraged 
to generate excess returns was initially received with skepticism because 
of the prevailing orthodoxy of the efficient market hypothesis (EMH), 
which postulates that in an efficient market, current prices reflect all 
available information. However, subsequent works on multiple factors 
constructed from a diverse and logical selection of earnings information 
demonstrated violations of the EMH over long periods of time (see, for 
example, Abarbanell and Bushee 1997; Bartov and Mohanram 2004; 
Beneish and Nichols 2009; Chan et al. 2001; and Piotroski 2000).
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 147 ===
142 Finding Alphas
Traditional financial statement analysis typically results in a stock 
screen generating a long-only, low-turnover portfolio with a reduced 
investment universe selected on the basis of companies’ fundamental 
characteristics. Modern analysis, however, uses financial statements 
to derive quantitative portfolios with stock exposures based on fun-
damental ratios and derived metrics – and possibly subject to other 
constraints without specifically reducing the investment universe. 
Under these more contemporary terms, investors try to use fundamen-
tal factors as predictors in a multifactor regression or features in a 
machine learning algorithm. Financial statement analysis, along with 
additional data sources associated with market performance, analyst 
recommendations, and earnings surprises, can be combined to iden-
tify alphas.
This chapter is not designed to cover the entire subject of fundamen-
tal analysis; a more comprehensive overview of the subject is provided 
in the next chapter. This chapter is intended to serve as a basic intro-
duction to the subject and may, we hope, provide some inspiration for 
future research.
BASICS
Companies release financial statements on a quarterly and annual basis. 
There are four main statements: balance sheets, income statements, 
cash flow statements, and statements of shareholders’ equity.
Balance sheets are a snapshot at a single point in time of a com-
pany’s assets, liabilities, and shareholders’ equity. Unlike the balance 
sheet, which pertains to a given moment, income statements provide 
information about a company’s financial performance over a spe-
cific accounting period. The cash flow statement provides data on the 
cash inflows and outflows from a company’s operations and external 
investment sources for a given period. The statement of shareholders’ 
equity shows changes in the interests of the company’s shareholders 
over time.
Investors use these statements to evaluate a company’s risks, per -
formance, financial health, and prospects. Note that in this context, 
preliminary quarterly announcements and the subsequently filed state-
ments can differ; the audited annual financial statements are generally 
considered to be the most authoritative.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 148 ===
Financial Statement Analysis 143
THE BALANCE SHEET
The basic equation of accounting, also called the balance sheet equa -
tion, is represented by the balance sheet in Table 19.1 and is expressed 
as follows:
 Assets LiabilitiesE quity 
Note that this balance sheet is for a given date and provides a snap -
shot of the company’s well-being. By comparing snapshots, investors 
can find changes that could cause a repricing of the company’s out -
standing equity. Total assets are typically used as a normalizing factor 
to make the values of other factors comparable among different com -
panies or to compare snapshots of the same company at different times. 
For US companies, the value of total assets includes the intangible 
asset known as goodwill, defined as what a company pays for another 
company above book value. Though goodwill contains items such as 
branding, investors should generally consider whether to discount the 
goodwill included in the total assets as a normalizing factor.
The following well-known factors constructed from the balance 
sheet were positively correlated with future returns from 1976 to 1996, 
as observed by Piotroski (2000):
 • Increased liquidity (current assets over current liabilities)
 • Improved sales over total assets
 • No equity issuance
 • Less long-term debt
Table 19.1 The balance sheet equation
Balance sheet YYYYMMDD
Assets Liabilities + Equity
Current assets Current liabilities
Other assets Long-term debt
Intangible assets (goodwill, etc.)
Total assets Shareholders’ equity
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 149 ===
144 Finding Alphas
THE INCOME STATEMENT
The income statement reflects changes in the balance sheet from 
one time period to the next, as shown in Table 19.2. Most compa -
nies use accrual-based accounting, so the income statement does 
not reflect the movement of cash but, rather, the accrual of obliga -
tions to be paid. For example, if a company signs a multiyear con -
tract to supply products, it recognizes the revenue when it fulfills 
each obligation in the contract, not when the other party transfers 
cash to an account.
The following factors based on the income statement were positively 
correlated with future returns in the US from 1976 to 1996, according 
to Piotroski (2000):
 • Net income > 0
 • Improved net income over total assets
 • Improved gross margin
THE CASH FLOW STATEMENT
The cash flow statement, as shown in Table 19.3, describes the sources 
of the change in a company’s cash balance from one period to the next. 
Table 19.2 The income statement
Income statement YYYMMDD
Net sales (sales) A
Interest income B
Cost of goods C
Operating expenses D
Income taxes E
Gross margin AC
Income from operations AC D
Gross income AB
Net income AB CD E
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 150 ===
Financial Statement Analysis 145
The following factors were positively correlated with future returns in 
the US from 1976 to 1996, according to Piotroski (2000):
 • Cash from operations > 0
 • Cash from operations > net income
GROWTH
The factors above are focused on finding quality in company perfor -
mance. However, investors may also be interested in growth prospects.
A similar regression analysis for growth stocks was performed by 
Chan et al. (2001) and Bartov and Mohanram (2004); they found sig-
nals that correlated with future returns specifically for growth stocks 
(stocks with low book-to-market ratios) from 1979 to 1999:
 • Net income/total assets > industry median
 • Cash flow/total assets > industry median
 • Net income variance < industry median
 • Gross income variance < industry median
 • R&D expenses/total assets > industry median
 • Capital expenditure/total assets > industry median
 • Advertising expenses/total assets > industry median
R&D, capital, and advertising expenses are separate items inside the 
operating expenses line item of the income statement, as indicated in 
Table 19.4. Growing companies will build out these areas with expecta-
tions of improved future sales.
Table 19.3 The cash flow statement
Cash flow statement YYYMMDD
Cash balance
Cash from operations
Borrowings
Stock sale
 
Purchases
Taxes
 
Cash flow
Cash balance
A
B
C
D
 
E
F
 
B + C + D − E − F
A + B + C + D − E − F
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 151 ===
146 Finding Alphas
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Management monitors and seeks to improve company performance 
using metrics, and market participants will tend to reward the stock 
price when they observe improvements in some of these. Metrics 
positively correlated with future returns, according to Abarbanell and 
Bushee (1997), are:
 • Reduced inventory per unit sales
 • Improved accounts receivable per unit sales
 • Improved sales minus change in gross margin
 • Reduced administrative expenses per unit sales
 • Improved tax rate
 • Earnings quality – change to the use of FIFO versus LIFO
 • Audit qualification – change to qualified auditing
 • Sales per employee
NEGATIVE FACTORS
Some factors are specifically useful for isolating a short portfolio. 
Beneish and Nichols (2009) suggest searching for earnings manipula -
tion, a history of mergers, equity issuance, and other forms of man -
agement efforts to improve the reported earnings or cash flow without 
actually improving the core business. Factors negatively correlated with 
future returns include:
 • Higher net sales than free cash flow
 • Low book to price
 • High sales growth
 • Low cash flow from operations to price
Table 19.4 The income statement: operating expenses
R&D expenses
Capital expenses
Advertising expenses
Other operating expenses
Operating expenses
D1
D2
D3
D4
DD DD D1 234
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 152 ===
Financial Statement Analysis 147
 • Acquisition in past five years
 • Equity issuance > industry average over two years
Nissim and Penman (2003) show that high financial leverage, defined 
as net financing debt over common equity, is negatively correlated  
with operating profitability; the definition of financial leverage excludes 
operating liabilities. High long-term financial leverage can be a sig-
nal of pending liquidity issues or even insolvency. A well-known case 
study of the misguided application of financial leverage is the history 
of the hedge fund firm Long-Term Capital Management. Also, the 
Enron Corporation accounting scandal was based on the use of special- 
purpose vehicles to keep long-term debt off the balance sheet, and the 
corrected accounting of debt led to the company’s insolvency. Gener -
ally, additional leverage adds risk that can lead to either higher profits 
or the risk of ruin. Therefore, it is wise to analyze leverage and debt in 
conjunction with other factors to find the combinations that indicate 
meaningful positive or negative correlations with future returns.
SPECIAL CONSIDERATIONS
When analyzing financial statements, investors must factor in the indus-
try of the company being studied. In commodity-based industries, for 
example, the underlying commodity price contributes significantly to 
sales, so sales increases are not necessarily a measure of improved com-
pany performance. Banks have different reporting requirements and 
should be given special treatment. The phase of the economic cycle 
may affect the correlation of debt with price appreciation and signifi-
cantly impact factors closely associated with growth.
FACTORS AS SCREENS
In the investment literature, the most common use of factors is to con-
struct a universe screen, particularly by the mechanism of assigning a 
score of +1 to a company when it passes a particular test, then combin-
ing the scores over all factors and taking a long position on the highest- 
rated companies. This is generally a reasonable fusion method in the 
absence of a more significant statistical analysis, according to Kahne-
man (2011).
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 153 ===
148 Finding Alphas
CONVERTING FACTORS TO ALPHAS
Note that most of the scores are based on the rate of change, which 
generally subtracts the latest statement data from the previous year(s); 
otherwise, seasonality will contaminate direct quarter-over-quarter 
comparisons. Statement data may be delayed for alpha analysis, and 
investors should be careful to note the time delays in the data used for 
alpha generation. Point-in-time financial data provides significantly 
more-realistic results (and worse backtesting results) because it removes 
the forward bias associated with statement refilings.
More sophisticated statistical analyses, such as regressions and fac-
tor correlation analysis, may produce better alphas. Investors can also 
employ machine learning techniques such as genetic algorithms to find 
good factor combinations; this may be particularly successful if the 
inputs are based on a thorough understanding of the factors’ meanings. 
The market rewards strategies based on new meaningful factor combi-
nations, so researchers should think creatively and continually scan the 
literature for the latest ideas.
CONCLUSION
Financial statement analysis allows analysts to identify trends and dis-
cern investment opportunities by comparing key performance metrics 
over multiple time periods and statement types. Many financial signals 
have been observed to be correlated to excess returns and can be effec-
tively leveraged in an investment process.
Though financial statements do not directly reflect all the informa-
tion that indicates a company’s potential, they do contribute a key piece 
of the investment puzzle. In the pursuit of alphas, the meaningful inter-
pretation and analysis of financial statements can be a solid basis for 
informed investment decisions.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 154 ===
20
Fundamental Analysis and 
Alpha Research
By Xinye Tang and Kailin Qi
Along with techniques such as pairs trading, momentum investing, 
event-driven investing, and news sentiment analysis, fundamental 
analysis is an important tool used in designing quantitative alphas. By 
examining relevant economic and financial factors, fundamental ana-
lysts attempt to reveal a security’s value and determine whether it is 
undervalued or overvalued. A potentially profitable portfolio can then 
be constructed by going long the relatively undervalued securities and/
or going short the overvalued ones. This chapter introduces the key 
ideas and data sources used in fundamental analysis, as well as the 
applications of fundamental analysis in quantitative alpha research.
Fundamental analysis can be applied to a range of financial securities. 
In the context of stocks, fundamental analysis is defined as techniques 
to determine a company’s intrinsic value by analyzing underlying fac-
tors that affect its business and its prospects. Fundamental analysts seek 
to answer such questions as: is the company’s revenue steadily grow-
ing? What is the company’s ability to pay its debt? Does the company 
have good profitability as well as high earnings quality? Does the com-
pany have enough liquid assets compared with liabilities?
On a broader scale, fundamental analysis refers to the analysis of 
the economic well-being of a financial entity, not just its price move-
ments. Fundamental analysis can be applied not only to single stocks 
but to sectors and industries as aggregates or even to the market as a 
whole. In contrast, technical analysis – another major form of security 
analysis and an important direction in alpha research – focuses solely 
on the price and volume movements of securities without concerning 
itself with the fundamentals of the underlying factors.
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 155 ===
150 Finding Alphas
Fundamental factors can be either qualitative or quantitative. In 
alpha research, we primarily look at quantitative factors, which can 
be measured or expressed in numerical terms. Because financial 
statements are the standard medium by which a company discloses 
information regarding its financial performance, the quantitative infor-
mation extracted from them is often used to design alpha signals. 
Much empirical accounting research has attempted to discover value-
relevant attributes from financial statements in order to enhance fun-
damental analysis.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
As described in the previous chapter, the four main financial statements 
are the balance sheet, the income statement, the cash flow statement, 
and the statement of shareholders’ equity. The balance sheet provides a 
financial snapshot of an organization at a particular point in time. It lists 
a company’s assets and liabilities. Investors can use the balance sheet to 
derive the company’s debt level and relevant financial measures, such 
as the debt-to-equity ratio, quick ratio, and current ratio, which help 
them understand the company’s debt interest payments, credit rating, 
and performance compared with the industry average. Red flags, such 
as a large decrease in reserve accounts or a large increase in inventory 
or accounts receivable, are also exposed on the balance sheet.
The income statement provides a measure of a company’s profitabil-
ity over a period of time, including earnings or profits and expenses or 
costs. Earnings before interest can be used as a measure of operational 
profitability, ignoring any interest burden attributable to debt financ-
ing. Because of conservatism in accounting, expense items also might 
include some costs that are not directly related to goods sold during 
the current period, while some research and development expenditures 
might not be shown.
The cash flow statement is an important measure of a company’s 
financial well-being because it shows the change in cash over the year. 
If the statement shows that the enterprise is not able to generate enough 
cash to pay its dividends but is keeping the productivity of its capital 
stock out of cash flow from operations, or that the amount of cash flow 
from operations is lower than that from investing, it may be an early 
warning sign of potentially serious debt and future cash flow problems.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 156 ===
Fundamental Analysis and Alpha Research 151
Shareholders’ equity is the difference between the assets and the lia-
bilities of a company (also known as its net worth) and is listed on the 
balance sheet. The statement of shareholders’ equity shows the change 
in the equity section of the balance sheet during the given period. Com-
panies typically break out common shares, preferred stock, treasury 
stock, and retained earnings on the statement of shareholders’ equity. 
Investors often follow business metrics such as paid-in capital, the 
capital invested in the company when it issued its shares, and retained 
 earnings – the portion of earnings that the corporation has chosen to 
reinvest in the business – on the shareholders’ equity statement. When 
a company chooses to reinvest in the business rather than pay out divi-
dends, it signals that management believes the stock is undervalued and 
expects it to grow. However, this signal is easily manipulated because it 
is under management control.
FINANCIAL STATEMENT ANALYSIS
In-depth analysis of financial statements gives investors insight into a 
company’s current and likely future performance. For example, earn-
ings accruals may be biased by management manipulation. Manage-
ment may assume that investors see high earnings today as a sign of 
high earnings coming in the future. In fact, earnings consist of two 
parts: actual cash flow, which is generated by operations, and accruals, 
which are calculated and decided by accountants, thus leaving room for 
manipulation. To analyze the quality of accruals, it is worth looking at 
a case study conducted by Sloan et al. (2011).
1. Sloan scaled earnings, accruals, and cash flow by total assets to 
compare companies of different sizes.
2. He then analyzed the relationship between earnings and the qual-
ity of accruals. He amassed data on accruals, earnings, and cash 
flows from sample companies, and ranked them by earnings. Sloan 
assigned company-years into deciles based on the rank of earnings 
and calculated the average value of earnings in each decile. Then he 
tracked the results of earnings for the previous and following five 
years around the calculated year.
3. Last, he compared the results with a ranked version based on the 
values of the accruals part of earnings.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 157 ===
152 Finding Alphas
Sloan’s analysis shows that, based on earnings alone, a company that 
has high performance this year is expected to continue to have high 
earnings for several years into the future. After ranking the accruals 
component, however, the predictability of earnings is worse. The cash 
flow component is a much more powerful predictor than the accruals 
component. In other words, when analyzing the future level of earn-
ings, it is better to rely on earnings generated from cash flows than on 
the accruals.
To gain some understanding of a company’s value and financial per-
formance, you can analyze the valuation ratios, which are mathemati-
cal calculations using figures mainly from the financial statements. 
Some of the most well-known valuation ratios are price-to-earnings and 
price-to-book. Some empirical research indicates that factors related to 
contemporaneous changes in many financial statement ratios can yield 
significant abnormal returns.
Relevant information outside the standard format of financial state-
ments is submitted in the form of footnotes. Footnotes disclose criti-
cal content to help investors get a better view of a company and make 
informed decisions. Details on matters such as accounting policy, 
changes in accounting methods, long-term purchase commitments, 
pending or imminent litigation, and executives’ stock options can be 
found there. Companies hardly ever expose their mistakes or difficulties 
in headlines or tables, so reading between the lines of these disclosures 
can give diligent investors an advantage. In some cases, companies use 
financial disclosures to hide the fact and the effect of changing account-
ing rules, which might hurt stock prices. Empirically, when there are 
many new footnotes in financial reports, some red flags may be bur -
ied in the long paragraphs. If the footnotes do not appear meaning-
ful, chances are the company is being intentionally obscure. The ability 
to detect early warning signs in the footnotes of financial reports sets 
elite investors apart from average ones. Because the footnotes appear as 
unstructured text, the advanced alpha researcher must find or develop 
appropriate text-mining systems to convert them to usable signals. 
Though this step adds to the difficulty of utilizing such data, it provides 
an opportunity to extract uncorrelated signals.
Alpha researchers also see quarterly conference calls as a tool for 
corporate disclosure. While financial statements give insight into a com-
pany’s past performance, conference calls give investors both an idea of 
the current situation and management’s expectations for future perfor -
mance. Some commentators would say that investors can gather critical 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 158 ===
Fundamental Analysis and Alpha Research 153
information for long-term models, as well as technical indicators, from 
the tone and manner of the CEO and CFO, especially in the question- 
and- answer part of the conference call – when, say, they are explain-
ing significant deviations in performance from previous estimates. 
Empirical evidence shows that the sentiment of the conference call can 
predict earnings surprises in the following 60 trading days. Analyst 
interest – those researchers who participate in the call but do not cover 
the  company – is an early indicator of the company’s future fundamen-
tals and is positively correlated with stock returns over the next three 
months (Jung et al. 2015). Investors respond strongly to extreme words 
and phrases in the earnings call, with significantly higher abnormal 
trading volume and stock returns after the call (Bochkay et al. 2016). 
When the number of questions asked during the Q&A section is far 
below expectations, the next-day abnormal return is lower (Chen et al. 
2016). Surprises in the linguistic tone (the relative frequency of nega-
tive and positive words) tend to move stock prices (Druz et al. 2016).
Macroeconomic variables can also be used as powerful and funda-
mental stock price indicators for particular industries – for example, 
the correlation between oil prices and stock prices in the transportation 
industry or interest rates in financial services.
Analyst reports produced by investment banks and brokerage firms –  
the sell side – are another potentially useful information source for 
investors. These reports analyze business prospects and build valuation 
models using past and present fundamental information on a specific 
company and its relevant industry; their price and earnings targets, 
comments, ratings, and recommendations can be meaningful compo-
nents of alphas. Because large institutional investors often refer to sell- 
side reports and can move markets thanks to the volume of assets they 
manage, analysts’ views can be self-fulfilling in the short term even if 
they are not accurate in the long term. Analyst research also serves as 
context for any subsequent fundamental announcements because the 
market has already priced in sell-side expectations; the “surprise” dif-
ference between the consensus prediction and the actual announcement 
is often more meaningful than the fundamentals themselves.
Because of the infrequency with which fundamental data is updated, 
fundamental alpha signals have lower trading turnover and lower stock 
coverage than other signals, such as price–volume-based alphas. On 
the other hand, fundamental information tends to be reflected in stock 
prices over a longer period of time. The cumulative returns to the fun-
damental signals usually concentrate around the subsequent earnings 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 159 ===
154 Finding Alphas
announcement and level off one year after the signal’s disclosure, indi-
cating that a large percentage of abnormal returns can be attributed to 
previous years’ earnings changes.
Fundamental analysis can give researchers ideas on alternative stock 
classifications. For example, stocks can be labeled as either value or 
growth, based on the company’s financial performance. Value stocks 
refer to those at relatively low prices, as indicated by low price- 
 to- earnings, price-to-book, and price-to-sales ratios, and high dividend 
yields. Growth stocks refer to just the opposite: high price- to- earnings, 
price- to- book, and price-to-sales ratios, and low dividend yields. 
Similarly, investors can generate classifications by using other funda-
mental factors differentiating one type of stock from another. These 
kinds of classifications allow investors to more accurately observe the 
market behavior of different groups of stocks and thus design better 
alpha signals.
CONCLUSION
Growing evidence in both academic and industrial research shows that 
the application of fundamental analysis can potentially yield significant 
excess returns. Information extracted from the data sources mentioned 
in this chapter, such as financial statements, conference calls, and sell- 
side analyst reports, has historically displayed strong power to predict 
future stock returns. Quantitative alpha researchers utilize this informa-
tion to build their fundamental alphas and seek to create portfolios with 
low turnover and stable profits.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 160 ===
21
Introduction to 
Momentum Alphas
By Zhiyu Ma, Arpit Agarwal, and Laszlo Borda
In financial markets, “momentum” refers to the empirical observation 
that asset prices that have been rising are likely to rise further, and vice 
versa. Within the framework of the efficient market hypothesis, momen-
tum is one of the market anomalies (along with reversion, seasonality, 
and momentum reversal) that originate from the fact that investors’ 
immediate reactions may be improper and will tend to adjust over time.
In a seminal 1993 paper, Jegadeesh and Titman found that the win-
ners and losers in the past 3–12 months are likely to continue to win and 
lose. The same phenomenon has been extensively studied, and it has 
been confirmed that momentum works for most asset classes and finan-
cial markets around the world (Chan et al. 2000; Hong and Stein 1999; 
Hong et  al. 2000; Jegadeesh and Titman 2001, 2011; Rouwenhorst 
1998). The observed profitability of momentum alphas, however, has 
shrunk a great deal in recent years, and they suffered a large drawdown 
during and around the financial crisis of 2008 (Barroso and Santa-Clara 
2015). Since then, many research papers have suggested modifying 
the rule to enhance the potential profit and reduce the potential draw-
down while keeping the spirit of a momentum alpha (Antonacci 2014). 
This continues to be an active field of research within the academic 
community.
Researchers have attempted to explain through behavioral mod-
els why momentum alphas work. According to a well-accepted theory 
of conservatism bias, investors tend to underreact to new information 
(Barberis et  al. 1998; Chan et  al. 1996; Daniel et  al. 1998; Edwards 
1968; Zhang 2006). In an imperfectly efficient market, it takes time 
to resolve and price new information. This explanation seems to 
hold water when we investigate the impact of events on the markets.  
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 161 ===
156 Finding Alphas
The stock price gains momentum when public information is announced 
(for example, earnings announcements); the more powerful the informa-
tion, the stronger the momentum effect. An interesting observation is that 
stock momentum actually starts to build up before the announcement 
is made (that is, when the public information was private information), 
indicating that investors’ expectations, guided by analysts’ recommen-
dations and forecasts, also play a role in the momentum effect. Another 
class of momentum alphas may be based on identifying events using 
news, earning announcements, or any other quantitative formulation and 
then defining alphas based on the stock returns preceding the event.
Not only do investors underreact to new information – stock analysts 
do, too. Under peer pressure, analysts are reluctant to make outstanding 
(but possibly correct) forecasts; instead, they tend to gradually adjust 
their forecasts on future earnings and target prices. Consequently, when 
investors in the market make investment decisions based on analysts’ 
recommendations, the overall decision itself is an underreaction; this 
provides a supplementary explanation of the price momentum effect. 
As per a contrarian theory of delayed overreaction, abnormal momen-
tum returns in the holding period are expected to be followed by nega-
tive returns because of the subsequent reversal when the stock prices 
eventually return to their fundamental values. Daniel et al. (1998) and 
Hong and Stein (1999) have proposed alternative models that are con-
sistent with short-term momentum and long- term reversals.
An alternative (or supplementary) hypothesis assumes that momen-
tum investors bear significant risk for betting on the strategy and that 
the higher returns they accrue are a compensation for the risk (Li et al. 
2008). Momentum strategies implemented on stocks with high bid–ask 
spreads (thereby exhibiting exposure to illiquidity risk) provide strong 
returns (Lesmond et al. 2004). It is therefore crucial to take transac-
tion costs into account when evaluating the potential profitability of a 
momentum strategy. The returns associated with a momentum strategy 
implemented on stocks with relatively low analyst coverage are very 
strong, as the slower dissemination of public information increases the 
momentum profits (Hong and Stein 1999; Hong et al. 2000). Momen-
tum profits have been observed to be significantly higher when the 
strategies are implemented on growth stocks (low book-to-market) 
compared with value stocks (high book- to- market), most likely because 
growth stocks are harder to evaluate than value stocks (Daniel and Tit-
man 1999). A somewhat contrarian and surprising finding suggests 
that momentum profits are higher for stocks with higher volumes (Lee 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 162 ===
Introduction to Momentum Alphas 157
and Swaminathan 2000). High-volume stocks typically generate more 
public information and can be traded more easily with lower transac-
tion costs; a potential explanation is that the large difference in opinion 
about higher turnover may arise from difficulties in evaluating the fun-
damental values of these stocks.
It is important to mention here that other alpha signals in their most 
basic form may contain significant exposure to the price momentum 
factor. In some of these cases, momentum represents an unintended 
source of risk, which can be minimized by neutralizing the basic signal 
to the momentum factor. In other cases – seasonality, for example – 
momentum contributes significantly to the strategy’s return, so momen-
tum neutralization is not an option. For more details on momentum as a 
risk factor, see Chapter 13.
Seasonal effects potentially impact the performance of the momen-
tum strategy: the average monthly returns to the momentum strategy 
corresponding to quarter-ending months have been found to be sig-
nificantly higher than the returns corresponding to non-quarter-ending 
months. This pattern is stronger for stocks with high levels of institu-
tional trading, suggesting that “window dressing” (selling recent losers 
and buying recent winners at the end of the reporting period) by institu-
tional investors and tax- loss selling contribute to stock return momen-
tum (Gray 2015).
Another approach to developing momentum alphas is based on the 
momentum exhibited by macroeconomic factors. In arbitrage pricing 
theory, the returns of a stock or other financial asset can be modeled as a 
linear function by a much smaller set of macroeconomic factors or theo-
retical market indexes. The exposures of stocks to the various factors 
are dynamic and constantly changing. Yet when compared with single- 
stock returns, single-factor returns are much more stable and exhibit 
stronger momentum characteristics (at least, over a given period of time 
or market state). Alphas based on factor regressions therefore assume 
that the factors’ returns have a momentum effect. Another application 
of factor momentum is to trade the factors that the market currently 
favors by reverse-engineering the factors in which mutual fund manag-
ers are currently investing.
Another approach for developing momentum alphas is based on 
group momentum, which often is associated with a phenomenon called 
co-movement. Related stocks – stocks of companies that are in com-
parable areas of business or share similar exposures to a common fac-
tor that significantly explains their returns – tend to move together. 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 163 ===
158 Finding Alphas
Moskowitz and Grinblatt (1999) evaluated momentum in industry 
returns by forming industry portfolios with stocks ranked based on 
their industry returns. They found that stocks with high industry returns 
outperformed the low-industry-return stocks in the six-month period 
following portfolio formation. The extent to which industry momen-
tum contributes to momentum profits was re-examined by Grundy and 
Martin (2001). Momentum profits also can arise from lead–lag effects 
because the stocks in the group do not move by exactly the same amount 
at the same time. Usually, a few leaders in the group move first (pos-
sibly driven by new information or by reacting to the common factors 
early), then other stocks in the group follow the leaders. The lagged 
stocks enjoy the momentum profits, as investors can seek to anticipate 
their future price movements based on the movement of the leaders and 
the common factor realizations. In addition to directly related stocks, 
there are related groups (for example, industries on a common supply 
chain), which transfer returns from one leading group to the others.
CONCLUSION
When any predictable patterns in returns are identified, investors act 
quickly to exploit them until the predictability is eliminated. However, 
based on the observed positive returns that momentum alphas have gen-
erated across major markets around the world, it can be argued that 
momentum effects represent the strongest evidence against the efficient 
market hypothesis. For the same reasons, momentum has attracted 
and will continue to attract substantial research; financial economists 
have not yet reached a consensus on what generates momentum prof-
its. Indeed, as momentum effects are evidence of market inefficiency, 
attempts have been made to provide behavioral explanations for the 
phenomenon. Developing momentum alphas on liquid universes (sets 
of more efficient stocks) is a particular challenge, which requires deeper 
exploration.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 164 ===
22
The Impact of News and 
Social Media on Stock Returns
By Wancheng Zhang
INTRODUCTION
Stock prices naturally respond to news. But in recent years, news and 
sentiment seen on social media have grown increasingly significant as 
potential predictors of stock prices. However, it is challenging to make 
alphas using news. As unstructured data that often includes text and 
multimedia content, news cannot be understood directly by a computer. 
We can use natural language processing (NLP) and machine learning 
methods to classify and score raw news content, and we can measure 
additional properties of the news, such as novelty, relevance, and cat-
egory, to better describe the sentiment of the news. Similar techniques 
can be applied to social media data to generate alphas, though we should 
bear in mind that social media has much more volume and is much 
noisier than conventional news media. This chapter gives an overview 
of ways to find alphas using news and social media.
NEWS IN ALPHAS
It is not easy for machines to accurately parse and interpret the meaning 
of news. As in other areas in statistical arbitrage, an algorithm has the 
advantages of fast response time and broad coverage, but at the expense 
of weaker accuracy than a human analyst. Nowadays, trading firms can 
analyze news within 1 millisecond and make trading decisions instantly. 
Big news usually causes large price movements instantly, often with a 
subsequent overshoot and reversal.
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 165 ===
160 Finding Alphas
Since 2007, the application of sophisticated linguistic analysis of 
news and social media has grown from a highly speculative area of 
research into mature product solutions. Professional data vendors use 
sophisticated algorithms to analyze news and deliver the results in real 
time. News analytics and news sentiment are widely used by both buy- 
side and sell-side institutions in alpha generation, trading, and risk man-
agement. Increasingly, Big Data vendors offer packages, services, or 
data sources to help firms use news in the investment process.
ACADEMIC RESEARCH
Since 2000, news on stock returns has become a popular topic. Some 
of the key research areas include the aggregation and dispersion of sen-
timent; beta calculations using news; leading news stocks; weighting 
schemes in textual analysis; news confirmation by day-return earnings 
announcements; the idea that no news is good news; the notion that stocks 
that are sensitive to news outperform the broader market; confirmation 
of news by trading volume; bias in the news coverage on stocks; momen-
tum, overshoot, and reversal after news; and the relationship of news to 
analyst revisions. Related papers can be found by searching for “news” 
and “stock return” on the Social Science Research Network (SSRN).
The first research paper on using social media for stock prediction was 
“Twitter Mood Predicts the Stock Market,” published by Johan Bollen, 
Huina Mao, and Xiao-Jun Zeng in The Journal of Computational Science  
in 2011. The paper argues that by analyzing Twitter texts the authors 
gained an accuracy of 87.6% in predicting daily up and down changes in 
the closing values of the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA). Since then, 
key research areas include the prediction power of various forms of social 
media; social media applied to individual stocks; the discussion of noise 
in social media; finding valuable tweets by observing retweets and tweets 
from celebrities; and social media sentiment with long-term firm value.
SENTIMENT
Simply speaking, sentiment measures the quality of news. The most 
basic definition of sentiment is the polarity of the news: good, bad, or 
neutral. Advanced sentiment analysis can express more sophisticated 
emotional details, such as “anger,” “surprise,” or “beyond expectations.” 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 166 ===
The Impact of News and Social Media on Stock Returns 161
The construction of news sentiment usually involves natural language 
processing and statistical/machine learning algorithms (for example, 
naive Bayes and support vector machines). The recent explosion of 
deep learning techniques has enabled rapid progress in understanding 
news. Novel techniques like word2vec have achieved higher accuracy 
compared with classical NLP methods.
Sentiment is usually normalized into scores (for example, in the 
range 0–100) that are cross-sectionally comparable across assets. By 
convention, a higher score means the news is good, a lower score means 
the news is bad, and a score near 50 means the news is neutral.
Individual news sentiment may have exposure to market aggregate 
sentiment, seasonality, and other timing factors (for example, before 
or after the earning season). For a relative-value strategy, it is useful to 
compare the relative sentiment among similar stocks.
Sentiment is also useful in risk management. For example, a portfo-
lio manager may cut the size of a stock holding because of unexpected 
news, or estimate the portfolio covariance matrix taking into account 
the news sentiment score or news frequency.
NOVELTY
Novelty measures whether the news is a brand-new story or an update to 
an old story. Vendors may split one long report into several parts. Some-
times a story is a follow-up report on previous news. In other cases, 
news may be revised several times after the initial report. Less novel 
news usually has less impact on the market because the information 
delivered in the previous news may already be reflected in the market. 
If we view news as events in a time series, novelty usually is inversely 
proportional to the time between the events.
Example
A simple alpha could be to follow the sentiment directly:
If (stock A sentiment > 70) long stock A;
if (stock B sentiment < 30) short stock B;
use the no-news stocks in the same industry for neutralization.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 167 ===
162 Finding Alphas
RELEVANCE
News can have an impact on multiple stocks. Relevance measures the 
focus of news on specific stocks. Some news, such as earnings or corpo-
rate actions, is company specific. The relevance of such news is usually 
high. One news story could talk about multiple companies in the supply 
chain of a product; in this case, the relevance of the news could be the 
highest for the company manufacturing the product and lower for other 
companies along the supply chain.
Industry or general macroeconomic news usually has lower rel -
evance to individual stocks. A general news item about the banking 
industry may affect lots of banking stocks; a news story about Apple’s 
new products may affect Apple and competitors like Samsung, with 
higher relevance to Apple and lower relevance to Samsung. In other 
words, relevance maps the news sentiment to individual stocks. It can 
be another factor to enhance news alphas.
Example
We could enhance the previous simple alpha by using novelty:
Score novelty from 0 to 1.
If sentimenta lpha novelty
if sentiment alpha nove
70
30
;
llty;
use the no-news stocks in the same industry for neutralization.
Example
We could enhance the previous simple alpha by using relevance 
and ignore the news that affects too many stocks:
Score relevance from 0 to 1, get ns = number of stocks impacted 
by one news item.
If sentimenta nd alpha novelty relevance
if sentim
70 100ns *;
eenta nd alpha novelty relevance30 100ns *;
use the no-news stocks in the same industry for neutralization.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 168 ===
The Impact of News and Social Media on Stock Returns 163
NEWS CATEGORIES
Besides the simplistic classification of news into “good” or “bad,” fur-
ther classification into more detailed categories can enhance the analy-
sis and use of news. A category can be as broad as “earnings,” which 
may include all earnings-related reports, like earnings announcements, 
earnings forecasts, earnings revisions, earnings guidelines, earnings 
conference calls, and earnings calendars. Or it can be more specific, 
like “corporate legal issues.”
There are several important aspects to consider when using news cat-
egories. First, different categories of news may have different response 
times in the market. Some categories have longer-term effects on com-
pany valuations; other categories can cause short-term price fluctua -
tions. Second, markets have different flavors of news at different times. 
A category-rotation strategy can take advantage of these flavors of news 
styles. Third, some news categories are specific to certain industries and 
sectors, and may affect only those industries or sectors. Last, catego -
ries make different types of news easier to combine with other types of 
information to create alphas. For example, one can use earnings news 
together with analyst earnings revisions. News vendors like Bloomberg 
provide tags and categories for raw news, and automatic categorizations 
by advanced machine learning methods are becoming more common.
Example
Consider the earnings news example. We can drop “market 
reports” categories and use a simple “learning” method to further 
weight the news:
Ignore all news from the categories “market imbalance” and 
“market movements.”
For each news category,
Category_score = the average of relative stock returns after the 
news happened in the past two years
If sentimenta nd alpha
noveltyr elevance category
70 100ns
** __;
**
score
if sentiment anda lpha
noveltyr elevance
30 100ns
ccategorys core_;
use the no-news stocks in the same industry for neutralization.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 169 ===
164 Finding Alphas
EXPECTED AND UNEXPECTED NEWS
A seemingly good piece of news, if the information already is expected 
by the market and thus reflected in the price, will not cause a positive 
price movement. For example, a piece of news reads, “Earnings have 
large growth – 150% compared with last year.” Analyzing this news 
usually gives positive sentiment. However, if the previous market con-
sensus was that the company would grow 200%, the value in the news 
is below expectations and will cause the price to go down. Therefore, 
it can be helpful to use news data together with market consensus and 
market expectations. Textual analysis and calendar analysis can be use-
ful in determining whether the news is a routine update or something 
different. Surprises and unexpected news and events usually result in 
larger price movements.
HEADLINES AND FULL TEXT
Headlines usually contain the most important information and are well 
formatted, so they are easier to parse and analyze. Full text provides 
more detailed information, but it is harder to work with. One academic 
research paper shows an interesting result: most of the information in a 
paragraph is included in the first and last sentences. Similarly, we can 
focus more on the first and last paragraphs of an article, or the first and 
last few words. The paragraph structure and sentence structure also can 
contain valuable information.
NO NEWS IS GOOD NEWS?
There is an old saying: “No news is good news.” This is true to some 
extent; news means change, events or something unusual happening, 
and markets hate uncertainty. News is also usually associated with 
higher volatility, higher volume, analyst revisions, and the expecta-
tion of more news. These aspects imply potential risks to the company. 
Because more and more firms are using news in their risk management 
models, institutional investors may reduce their holdings of companies 
that are frequently affected by news reports or even remove them from 
their portfolios. Because institutional investment flow tends to be posi-
tive for stock returns, this can lower returns.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 170 ===
The Impact of News and Social Media on Stock Returns 165
NEWS MOMENTUM
If the impact of news on a stock is not immediately and fully priced in 
by the market, the stock price may exhibit drift or momentum as the 
news becomes more widely known and understood. This effect is much 
stronger for smaller stocks because they are less closely observed, and 
for unexpected news. For large stocks and expected news, the price gen-
erally exhibits a reversal after an initial overshoot.
SOCIAL MEDIA
In April 2013, a Twitter post by the Associated Press claimed there had 
been an explosion at the White House that injured President Obama. 
The tweet was false, but it caused a huge instant reaction in the market. 
From 1:08 p.m. to 1:10 p.m., the DJIA dropped more than 140 points. 
Though the index rebounded just as quickly, one fake Twitter event 
caused market losses of $136 billion. This case clearly shows the signif-
icant potential value of social media in algorithmic trading. Many data 
vendors are capturing this opportunity. Companies like Dataminr and 
PsychSignal provide millions of social data feeds on a daily basis. They 
also provide data to third-party vendors that create sentiment products 
used by many hedge funds.
Example
When there is an abnormal amount of news for a company, short 
the company.
Example
For the first three days after the news release, hold a position in 
the same direction as the two-day stock returns for the two days 
prior to the news release; for the following five days, reverse the 
trade to capture the reversal.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 171 ===
166 Finding Alphas
The most popular social media platform for generating alphas is 
Twitter because it can be easily mapped to stocks (by checking the @
ticker symbol) and people (such as the CEOs of public companies). 
There is also increasing research based on online forums like Yahoo 
Finance message boards and StockTwits, blogs by professional inves -
tors and traders, Facebook, Glassdoor, and even Wikipedia.
Social media currently is a hot area in quant research. Essentially, 
social media can be viewed as news, but with much more volume and 
much more noise. Many of the ideas that work for news also can work 
for social media, but there are several challenges in applying sentiment 
analysis to the contents of social media. First, social media has a larger 
number of records and updates more quickly. Second, social media con-
tent usually is casual in format – a Twitter post, for instance, can con -
tain a lot of abbreviations and poorly formatted words. This increases 
the difficulty of language processing. Third, how do we find original 
and important records? A lot of social media content is in response to 
news and has a smaller impact than more original social media content. 
Hence, there are many fake signals in social media, and that is why it is 
difficult to use social media for predictions.
Example
Use the frequency of tweets and the number of retweets to short 
companies being mentioned with increasing frequency (tweets 
about companies are mostly negative).
For each company, calculate the number of tweets that men -
tioned the ticker symbol or company name on a particular 
day. Get the number of retweets for each tweet and set it as t.  
Set frequencyt sumo fl og 1 .
 Alpha time series rank frequency, 1month __ .05  
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 172 ===
The Impact of News and Social Media on Stock Returns 167
CONCLUSION
The quantity of news, social media content, and companies processing 
Big Data is increasing rapidly. More and more market participants are 
using automatic methods to analyze and trade this information. There-
fore, the average impact of each piece of information on stock returns 
will likely decrease over time. To continue to find alphas in news, one 
will need to parse more news, find the most impactful news, filter noise, 
and adopt more advanced machine learning methods to learn and clas-
sify the news.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 173 ===
23
Stock Returns Information 
from the Stock 
Options Market
By Swastik Tiwari and Hardik Agarwal
INTRODUCTION
In finance, an option is a financial derivative that represents a con-
tract sold by one party (the option writer) to another party (the option 
holder), giving the buyer the right, but not the obligation, to buy or 
sell an underlying asset or instrument at a specified “strike price” on 
or before a certain date. The seller has the corresponding obligation to 
fulfill the transaction – that is, to sell or buy – if the option holder exer-
cises the option. The buyer pays a premium to the seller for this right. 
Because call options give the option to buy at a certain price, the buyer 
wants the underlying asset or instrument to go up in price. And because 
put options give the option to sell at a certain price, the buyer wants 
the underlying asset or instrument to go down in price. Speculators use 
options to make leveraged bets on the underlying assets, while hedgers 
use options to reduce the risk of holding them.
The equity options market provides a lot of useful information for 
seeking to predict stock returns. Equity options contribute to price dis-
covery because they allow traders to align their strategies more pre-
cisely with the sign and magnitude of their information. The leverage 
in equity options, combined with this alignment, creates an additional 
incentive for traders to invest time and money in research to generate 
private information. In this way, trades in equity options may provide 
more refined and precise signals of an underlying asset’s value than 
trades in the asset itself. Understanding how and why equity options 
affect price discovery is therefore vital to understanding how informa-
tion is incorporated in asset prices.
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 174 ===
170 Finding Alphas
Equity options are becoming increasingly popular with both retail 
and institutional investors. There are currently 15 options markets in 
the US, run by BOX Holdings Group, Cboe Group, Miami International 
Holdings, Nasdaq, and the Intercontinental Exchange’s NYSE.
In its 2014 annual report, Options Clearing Corp. (OCC) presented 
the statistics and charts shown in Figures 23.1–23.3.1
0
10
Equity IndexF utures not depicted
in graphs
11 12 13 14
Average contracts per
cleared trade
Average premium per contract
in dollars
33.5
10
20
30
40
50
13.6
0
10 11 12 13 14
1,057.2
350
700
1,050
1,400
1,750
199.3
Figure 23.2 Options daily call and put volumes 2010–2014
Source: © 2018, The Options Clearing Corporation. Used with permission. All rights  
reserved.
0
10
Equity IndexF utures not depicted
in graphs
11 12 13 14
3.9 4.6 4.0 4.1 4.2
3.8
1
2
3
4
5
0.4
90.15%
9.85%
0
10 11 12 13 14
15.5 18.1 16.0 16.3 16.9
15.2
4
8
12
16
20
1.7
90.15%
9.85%
Total cleared contract volume
in billions
Average daily contract volume
in millions
Figure 23.1 Options cleared and daily contract volumes 2010–2014
Source: © 2018, The Options Clearing Corporation. Used with permission. All rights  
reserved.
1 Licensed from the Options Clearing Corporation. All Rights Reserved. OCC 
or its affiliates shall not be responsible for content contained in this book, or 
other materials not provided by OCC. OCC does not guarantee the accuracy, 
adequacy, completeness or availability of information and is not responsible for 
errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 175 ===
Stock Returns Information from the Stock Options Market 171
VOLATILITY SKEW
A useful source of information on the direction of the options market is 
the implied volatility of stock options. This is the value for the volatil-
ity of the underlying instrument such that, when the value is input in an 
option pricing model (such as Black–Scholes), the model will return a 
theoretical value equal to the current market price of the option. In the 
case of equity options, a plot of the implied volatility against the strike 
price gives a skewed surface. The volatility skew is the difference in 
implied volatility between out-of-the-money, at-the-money, and in-the-
money options. The volatility skew is affected by sentiment and supply– 
demand relationships, and provides information on whether fund man-
agers prefer to write calls or puts. In equity options markets, a skew 
generally occurs because money managers, on the whole, would rather 
write call options than put options, as can be seen in Figure 23.4.
In their paper “Option Prices Leading Equity Prices: Do Option 
Traders Have an Information Advantage?” Jin et  al. (2012) survey 
the existing literature on the information advantage, including Bollen 
and Whaley (2004), Bradshaw et  al. (2010), Gârleanu et  al. (2009), 
Van Buskirk (2011), and Xing et al. (2010). Bollen and Whaley and 
Gârleanu et al. attribute the “shape of observed volatility skew and its 
predictive ability to the buying pressure due to the information pos-
sessed by option traders.” Bollen and Whaley find that “contemporane-
ous changes in daily implied volatilities are driven by changes in net 
buying pressure.” Options traders with expectations of positive news 
create an excess of buy-call trades and/or sell-put trades, which causes 
0 10
Equity IndexF utures not depicted
in graphs
11 12 13 14
279.5
Average month-end open interest
in millions
Contracts exercised
in millions
305.1 263.5 275.5 295.1
273.1
75
150
225
300
375
22.0
92.54%
7.46%
0 10 11 12 13 14
531.85 56.1 562.24 58.9 449.1
423.3
150
300
450
600
750
25.8
94.24%
5.76%
Figure 23.3 Options open interest and contracts exercised 2010–2014
Source: © 2018, The Options Clearing Corporation. Used with permission. All rights  
reserved.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 176 ===
172 Finding Alphas
prices and implied volatilities of call options, relative to put options, to 
rise. Similarly, options traders with expectations of negative news cre-
ate an excess of sell-call trades and/or buy-put trades, which causes the 
prices and implied volatilities of put options, relative to call options, 
to rise. Thus, when options traders expect information about the prob-
ability of a negative event, the demand for out-of-the-money put options 
increases relative to the demand for at-the-money call options, thereby 
increasing the volatility skew.
Researchers have shown that there is a negative association between 
volatility skews and individual stock returns at the company level. This 
finding is consistent with the hypothesis that volatility skews reflect 
negative information. Xing et al. (2010) state that the “greater the vola-
tility skew in the traded options of the stock, [the] higher the under -
performance.” They calculate the underperformance of the underlying 
stocks of options with higher skews relative to the underlying stocks of 
options with lower skews as 10.9% per year on a risk-adjusted basis. In 
a long–short equity alpha, this implies taking a long position on stocks 
whose options have lower volatility skews and a short position on stocks 
whose options have higher volatility skews. A few recent studies have 
examined the predictive ability of volatility skews for extreme nega-
tive events. Van Buskirk (2011) finds that high volatility skews predict 
negative jumps over short windows containing earnings announcements 
and over longer windows containing no earnings announcements, but 
Volatility skew
Strike price
Implied volatility
30
28
26
24
22
20
18
80 90 100 110 120 130 140 150 160 170 180 190 200 210 220 230 240 250
Figure 23.4 Sample volatility skew in equity options markets
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 177 ===
Stock Returns Information from the Stock Options Market 173
do not predict negative jumps around management earnings forecasts 
or dividend declarations. Bradshaw et al. (2010) show that the “predic-
tive abilities of volatility skews and accounting opacity for crash risks 
are incremental to each other.” According to the authors, although the 
information advantage as reflected in the predictive ability of volatility 
skews is greater for negative news than for positive news, the predictive 
ability of the options market applies to news surprises of a range of mag-
nitudes. This phenomenon can be used to find stocks to short long–short 
equity alphas on longer and shorter time scales.
Figure 23.5 shows the performance of an alpha on the Russell 1000 
universe of stocks. The alpha uses the slope of the implied volatility 
curve to measure the skew. The idea is to buy stocks that have shown 
a decrease in the slope of the implied volatility curve (or decrease in 
volatility skew), and vice versa.
6M
5M
4M
3M
2M
1M
–1M
0M
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017
Figure 23.5 Performance of alpha on the Russell 1000 stock universe using 
volatility skew2
2 Alpha = −(change in slope of the implied volatility curve).
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 178 ===
174 Finding Alphas
VOLATILITY SPREAD
The put-call parity relation states that in perfect markets, the following 
equality holds for European options on non-dividend-paying stocks:
 CP SD K.  
where C and P are the current call and put prices, respectively; D is 
the discount factor; K is the strike price; and S is the spot price. For US 
options, which allow early exercise, the equation takes the form of an 
inequality: SD KC P. . From these relations, it can be shown that 
European call and put options with the same strike price and maturity 
date should have the same implied volatilities, while the US call and 
put options should have a spread in the implied volatilities (“volatility 
spread”) attributable to the early-exercise premium (Hull 2008).
However, Ofek et al. (2004) show that the volatility spread cannot be 
entirely explained by the early-exercise premium. Ofek et al. and Crem-
ers and Weinbaum (2010) demonstrate that this volatility spread implies 
future stock returns. For example, Cremers and Weinbaum find that stocks 
with high volatility spreads outperform those with low volatility spreads 
by 50 basis points per week, on average. Bollen and Whaley (2004) and 
Gârleanu et al. (2009) attribute the “predictive ability of volatility spreads 
to the demand-based option models.” Higher volatility spreads indicate 
greater excess demand for call options than for put options, suggesting 
that options traders may possess expectations about positive news. Thus, 
the volatility spread can be considered as indicative of the nature (posi-
tive or negative) and potential impact of the news expected by the options 
traders, by measuring the overall net buying pressure in the options mar-
ket. This phenomenon can be used in an equity alpha to go long stocks 
with high volatility spreads and short those with low volatility spreads.
Figure 23.6 shows the performance of an alpha on the Russell 3000 
universe of stocks. The alpha uses implied volatility information of at-  
the- money call and put options. The idea is to buy stocks with higher 
call-implied volatility than put-implied volatility, and vice versa.
OPTIONS TRADING VOLUME
The trading volumes of stock options can also carry useful information 
about future stock returns. In their paper “The Option to Stock V olume 
Ratio and Future Returns” Johnson and So (2011) focus on the inferences 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 179 ===
Stock Returns Information from the Stock Options Market 175
that can be drawn from the trading volumes of options and their under-
lying stocks. The authors provide theoretical and empirical evidence 
that O/S – the ratio of the total option market volume (aggregated across 
calls and puts) to the total equity market volume – is indicative of the 
private information available to informed traders. The O/S measure was 
first coined and studied by Roll et al. (2009), whose findings state that 
“cross-sectional and time-series variation in O/S may be driven by the 
trades of informed traders in possession of private information.” As an 
extension of these findings, Johnson and So examine the relationship 
between O/S and future returns, and find outperformance of low O/S 
companies over high O/S companies. Their methodology involves sort-
ing companies by O/S at the end of each month and computing the 
average return of a portfolio consisting of a short position in high O/S 
stocks and a long position in low O/S stocks, holding this portfolio for 
one month. This portfolio provides an average risk-adjusted monthly 
hedged return of 1.47%. The authors attribute the negative relationship 
4,500k
4,000k
3,500k
3,000k
2,500k
2,000k
1,500k
1,000k
500k
0k
–500k
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
Figure 23.6 Performance of an alpha on the Russell 3000 stock universe 
using volatility spread3
3 Alpha = implied volatility of at-the-money (call options − put options).
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 180 ===
176 Finding Alphas
between O/S and future equity returns to short-sale costs in the underly-
ing equity markets: because of capital constraints and equity short-sale 
costs, informed traders prefer to trade options more frequently when 
they expect negative news than when they expect positive news.
According to Johnson and So (2011), “O/S predicts earnings sur -
prises, standardized unexplained earnings, and abnormal returns at 
quarterly earnings announcements in the following month.” The same 
O/S-measure-based portfolio construction methodology also contains 
information about future earnings announcements that occur in the 
month subsequent to the “holding month.” They contend that this is 
consistent with the hypothesis that O/S reflects private information that 
is incorporated into equity prices when the news becomes public. Fur -
thermore, they state that their model “also predicts that O/S is a stronger 
signal when short-sale costs are high or option leverage is low” and 
confirm this in the data. These ideas can be used to go long low O/S 
companies and short high O/S companies in a long–short equity alpha.
Figure 23.7 shows the performance of an alpha on the Russell 1000 
universe of stocks. The alpha uses option volume information from the 
10M
9M
8M
7M
6M
5M
4M
3M
2M
1M
0M
–1M
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017
Figure 23.7 Performance of an alpha on Russell 1000 stock universe using 
option-to-stock-volume ratio4
4 Alpha = stock trading volume/(call + put option trading volume).
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 181 ===
Stock Returns Information from the Stock Options Market 177
Nasdaq OMX PHLX and compares it with average daily stock volume. 
The idea is to buy stocks that have a high ratio of stock volume to option 
volume, and vice versa.
OPTION OPEN INTEREST
Open interest is the number of outstanding options contracts on a given 
underlying asset. In their paper “Do Option Open-Interest Changes 
Foreshadow Future Equity Returns?” Fodor et al. (2010) examine the 
relationship between option open-interest changes and future returns. 
They show that options traders buy relatively more (fewer) call (put) 
options when they are near-term bullish on the underlying asset. Simi-
larly, options traders buy relatively more (fewer) put (call) options when 
they are near-term bearish on the underlying asset. Because of this 
behavior, changes in aggregate open interest contain information about 
future equity returns. The authors assert that informed investors leverage 
their bullish (bearish) views through increased long call (put) positions.
In their empirical investigation, the authors demonstrate a strong neg-
ative relationship between recent changes in aggregate put open-interest 
levels and future underlying equity returns. Companies with increases 
in recent put open interest significantly underperformed companies 
with decreases in put open interest. The authors find that an opposite 
but much weaker relationship exists for the call open-interest changes. 
They note that the ratio of the recent changes in call open interest to put 
open interest is the most effective predictor of future equity returns and 
that this relationship is positive in the sense that large increases in the 
ratio tend to be followed by relatively strong future equity returns.
Fodor et al. demonstrate the documented preference of informed trad-
ers, as first discussed by Black (1975), to leverage their views through 
options (bullish views through long call positions and bearish views 
through long put positions) because of the relatively small initial out-
lay requirements. Fodor et al. present further evidence that real-world 
informational differences between the options and equity markets result 
in differences in the rates at which information gets incorporated into 
prices in the respective markets. The open interest in equity call and put 
options can thus be used to select long and short stocks in a long–short 
equity alpha.
Figure 23.8 shows the performance of an alpha on the Russell 3000 
universe of stocks. The alpha uses call and put option open-interest 
information from PHLX. The idea is to buy stocks with higher call open 
interest compared with put open interest, and vice versa.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 182 ===
178 Finding Alphas
CONCLUSION
As shown in the extensive research literature, equity options markets 
contain useful information to seek to predict stock movements. The 
shape of the volatility skew, the volatility spread, the options trading 
volume, and the options open interest are all useful tools for predicting 
near-term performance of the underlying stock.
3,000k
2,500k
2,000k
1,500k
1,000k
500k
0k
–500k
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
Figure 23.8 Performance of alpha on the Russell 3000 stock universe using 
call and put open interest5
5 Alpha = open interest of call options/open interest of put options.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 183 ===
24
Institutional Research 101: 
Analyst Reports
By Benjamin Ee, Hardik Agarwal, Shubham 
Goyal, Abhishek Panigrahy, and Anant Pushkar
This chapter is a general overview of analyst research reports and stock 
recommendations that alpha researchers may encounter in financial 
media sources. We will discuss the best ways to access analyst recom-
mendations, and address the all-important question of how these reports 
can help inspire systematic trading ideas.
Sell-side analysts’ recommendations, ratings, and price-target  
changes – on companies and entire industries – are featured promi-
nently in finan cial newspapers, conferences, blogs, and databases, 
which often cite these reports to explain major stock price movements. 
Indeed, numerous studies by industry associations and academics 
have found that analyst research contains valuable information.
Nevertheless, the phrase “stock analyst” conjures up images of 
sophisticated researchers from Goldman Sachs or J.P. Morgan who 
conduct high-powered earnings calls with Fortune 500 CEOs to gather 
information and present their findings to multibillion-dollar institu-
tional funds. How can you, a new alpha researcher (with something less 
than a few billion dollars at your disposal), access this valuable body 
of analysis? Just as important, why should an alpha researcher, who is 
interested in constructing systematic market strategies, pay attention to 
what are typically company-specific analyses?
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 184 ===
180 Finding Alphas
ACCESSING ANALYST RESEARCH (FOR FREE, OF COURSE)
An analyst report generally contains the following:
 • A detailed description of a company and its industry.
 • Estimates for relevant financial numbers, such as earnings and revenue.
 • A price target.
 • A buy, hold, or sell recommendation based on the analyst’s research.
 • A thesis explaining the recommendation.
Sell-side analysts often perform research that is costly, sophisti-
cated, and time consuming; naturally, they want to provide first access 
to their valued clients. To be sure, you will not be able to access all 
(or even most) analyst research on a company via public sources. 
 Nevertheless, the portion of analyst research that finds its way to pub-
licly accessible media can be a valuable learning tool for new alpha 
researchers.
In fact, some analyst research is surprisingly accessible, with the 
financial media acting as an intermediary. In this case, the term “finan-
cial media” includes not only traditional sources like The Wall Street 
Journal and Bloomberg, but also aggregator websites such as Yahoo 
Finance and Google Finance. The latter are particularly useful sources 
of analyst analysis, estimates, and questions posed to corporate man-
agement during earnings calls. Pulling up mentions of analyst research 
on a company is often as easy as entering that company’s stock ticker 
into your favorite finance portal. For instance, typing Apple’s stock 
ticker (AAPL) into Yahoo Finance’s portal turns up the headlines in 
Figure 24.1, from November 2018.
The left-hand side of the screenshot shows headlines and links to 
articles that sometimes draw upon analyst research. On the right side, 
Yahoo Finance has helpfully summarized the analyst recommendations 
(strong buy, sell, and so forth), price targets, upgrades, and downgrades. 
Clicking on Upgrades & Downgrades will lead to a detailed table with 
earnings and revenue estimates for AAPL, as well as EPS trend and 
revisions for the company.
You may wish to try out this process on other portals, such as  
Google Finance or Bloomberg.com, before picking the one that works 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 185 ===
Institutional Research 101: Analyst Reports 181
best for you. If these don’t provide what you’re looking for, try using 
search engines directly (Google “AAPL analyst reports,” for instance).
As with analyst research, finance portals often provide transcripts of 
companies’ earning calls, as well as stock analysts’ questions during the 
calls and managements’ responses. In the next example, we use another 
finance portal, Seeking Alpha (https://seekingalpha.com). There are many 
places on the internet where you can find such information. Other exam-
ples: the Motley Fool website (www.fool.com), stock exchange websites 
(such as www.nasdaq.com), and the investor  relations section of company 
websites. Some of these sources also contain a fair amount of discussion 
by nonbank market commentators on specific industries as well as indi-
vidual stocks. The discussion on these sites can be similar to research from 
stock analysts, touching on points such as firm-specific fundamentals, 
macroeconomics, geopolitics, and market conditions. Table 24.1 provides 
additional examples of such market commentary sites and finance blogs.
Figure 24.1 Screenshot of search result for “AAPL” on Yahoo Finance
Source: Yahoo Finance © 2019. All rights reserved. https://finance.yahoo.com/.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 186 ===
182 Finding Alphas
See if you can find Apple’s third-quarter 2018 earnings-call tran-
script and analyst Q&A on the Seeking Alpha website (Figure 24.2).
SO FAR, SO GOOD. BUT WHY SHOULD YOU CARE?
Good question. Most analyst reports (and market commentaries)  
focus on a single stock or industry, whereas you, as an alpha re-
searcher, are looking for systematic market strategies that trade tens 
of thousands of stocks each day. So what if some analyst from Bank 
XYZ likes a particular company? How do we go from this to trad-
ing thousands of companies on 20 different stock exchanges around 
the world?
You can combine information from analyst reports for various stocks 
to construct an alpha that trades a more diversified set of stocks.
1. Recommendations
Useful information from analyst reports includes buy and sell rec-
ommendations. We can use the average recommendation rating for 
stocks to make an alpha. Figure 24.3 shows the performance of an 
Table 24.1 Market commentary sites and finance blogs
Market commentary sites Link
Bloomberg http://www.bloomberg.com
The Wall Street Journal http://www.wsj.com
Seeking Alpha http://www.seekingalpha.com
Morningstar http://www.morningstar.com
TheStreet http://www.thestreet.com
Finance blogs Link
Econbrowser http://econbrowser.com/
Free Exchange http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange
ZeroHedge http://www.zerohedge.com/
CXO Advisory Group http://www.cxoadvisory.com/blog/
Freakonomics http://freakonomics.com/
Marginal Revolution http://marginalrevolution.com/
Note: In many places, our listing coincides with a ranking compiled by Time magazine. The URL 
is http://content.time.com/time/specials/packages/completelist/0,29569,2057116,00.html.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 187 ===
Institutional Research 101: Analyst Reports 183
alpha that uses buy and sell recommendations from analyst reports 
for the 
 Russell 3000 uni
verse of stocks. The idea is to go long 
stocks with buy recommendations and short stocks with sell  
recommendations.
Figure 24.2 Screenshot of Apple Q3 2018 earnings call 
transcript on Seeking Alpha
Source: Seeking Alpha. http://seekingalpha.com.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 188 ===
184 Finding Alphas
2. Price targets
Analysts calculate the projected price levels of stocks. Figure 24.4 
shows the performance of an alpha using the Russell 3000 universe 
that compares the analyst price target with the present stock price. 
The idea is to buy the stock if the projected price target is above the 
current stock price and sell it short if the price target is below the 
current price.
3. Earnings estimates
Analysts provide estimates for various fundamentals of a company, 
such as earnings, dividends, and cash flow. Figure 24.5 is a snap-
shot of summarized statistics for earnings estimates of AAPL from 
Yahoo Finance.
Figure 24.6 shows the performance of an alpha based on the Rus-
sell 3000 universe of stocks, using the growth in earnings estimates. 
The alpha buys stocks with positive growth and sells short stocks 
with negative growth.
0
1e6
2e6
3e6
4e6
5e6
01/07 01/08 01/09 01/10 01/11 01/12 01/13 01/14 01/15 01/16 01/17
Figure 24.3 Performance of alpha using buy and sell recommendations1
1 Alpha = average buy recommendation − average sell recommendation.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 189 ===
Institutional Research 101: Analyst Reports 185
4. Earnings surprises
When a company releases its earnings for the quarter or year, the 
actual earnings number can be compared with the earnings esti-
mated by analysts for that period. A higher than expected earnings 
number is generally taken as a positive indicator, and vice versa. 
12M
10M
8M
6M
4M
2M
0M
–2M
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017
Figure 24.4 Performance of alpha using price target2
Earnings Estimate
No. of Analysts
Current Qtr. (Dec 2018)
34 33 40 34
13.45 14.83
10.98
18.5
13.45
15.4
11.91
11.54
3.04
2.41
3.39
2.73
4.72
4.51
5.59
3.89
Next Qtr. (Mar 2019) Current Year (2019) Next Year (2020)
Currency in USD
Avg. Estimate
Low Estimate
High Estimate
Year Ago EPS
Figure 24.5 Screenshot of earnings estimates results for  
AAPL on Yahoo Finance
Source: Yahoo Finance © 2019. All rights reserved. https://finance.yahoo.com.
2 Alpha = analyst price target − stock price.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 190 ===
186 Finding Alphas
Figure 24.7 shows the performance of an alpha, based on the  
Russell 3000 universe of stocks, that uses the earnings surprise. 
The idea is to buy the stock if the company’s earnings consistently 
outperform analyst estimates and sell it short if the earnings under-
perform estimates.
Researchers looking for systematic market strategies can develop 
unique or less-known alpha ideas from reading stock analyst reports. 
The following points may be worth considering:
 • The analyst’s thought process is far more important than any 
specific buy or sell recommendation. Did she decide to upgrade 
AAPL for industry-specific reasons (the market for smartphones has 
been growing at double-digit rates), for company-specific reasons 
(net margins have been increasing over the past four quarters), or 
for a more general reason, such as AAPL’s low price-earnings ratio 
compared with the rest of the industry? Regardless of the reason, 
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017
4,500k
4,000k
3,500k
3,000k
2,500k
2,000k
1,500k
1,000k
500k
0k
–500k
Figure 24.6 Performance of alpha using earnings estimates3
3 Alpha = change in analyst’s earnings estimate for next fiscal period.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 191 ===
Institutional Research 101: Analyst Reports 187
an interesting question is: can I apply this to other companies? For 
instance, if the analyst says she likes AAPL because the CEO has 
been buying stock in the company, should this logic be applied only 
to AAPL or to publicly listed companies in general? This line of rea-
soning has been known to yield new strategy ideas.
Figure  24.8 shows an alpha developed using this hypothesis (go 
long if there is a share buyback and short otherwise) for the Russell 
3000 universe of stocks.
 • Analysts usually ask good questions during earnings calls. They 
should, because they are highly paid to do so. And for a new researcher 
trying to figure out how to make sense of the dense numbers that are 
a modern corporation’s financials, these questions can be a lifesaver. 
More information is not always better, especially if you have 20 pages 
of numbers per company and need to separate signal from noise. How 
can you understand which accounting item is important? One clue is 
to think about the numbers or trends analysts focus on and the logic 
11M
10M
9M
8M
7M
6M
5M
4M
3M
2M
1M
0M
–1M
2006 2008 2010 2012 2014 2016
Figure 24.7 Performance of alpha using earnings surprise4
4 Alpha = actual earnings reported − analyst earnings estimate.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 192 ===
188 Finding Alphas
that motivates their questions. Are they puzzled by an extremely large 
and unseasonal change in inventory from one quarter to the next? 
Why is this important? As always, we should ask if it is something 
that is generally important beyond the company under discussion.
One way to extract trading signals from earnings calls is to focus 
on the collective sentiment of the company’s management and the 
analysts and reporters present during such calls. The questions of ana-
lysts and the answers provided by management can be a measure of 
overall market sentiment about a company’s quality of earnings and 
hence the future price of its stock.
Text-parsing algorithms can use this information to derive a net 
sentiment score (positive or negative) for the stock and decide to buy 
or sell accordingly. Figure 24.9 shows an alpha using this idea on the 
Russell 3000 universe.
 • Analysts have detailed industry knowledge. As Larrabee (2014) 
points out, industry-specific expertise has been cited as one of the 
most important attributes (and competitive advantages) of stock ana-
lysts. The best sell-side analysts are able to move stock prices with 
7M
6M
5M
4M
3M
2M
1M
0M
–1M
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
Figure 24.8 Performance of an alpha using share buybacks5
5 Alpha = if shares bought back by company’s board executive then buy; otherwise sell.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 193 ===
Institutional Research 101: Analyst Reports 189
their ratings and forecasts, and this effect is stronger for analysts with 
industry experience. Alpha researchers can learn a lot about method-
ology from analysts’ work. For instance:
 ■ Valuation methodologies vary across industries. Constructing a dis-
counted cash flow model may be very different for the manufac-
turing sector compared with consumer cyclical firms, noncyclicals, 
and other sectors. Analysts may focus on different valuation met-
rics, such as the price–earnings ratio for one industry and the price–
book ratio for another. For the alpha researcher, it is important to 
understand the underlying reasons for these differences in order to 
normalize and compare data appropriately for the universe of trad-
able stocks.
 ■ Each industry may have its own unique driver or measure of opera-
tional performance, which usually features prominently in analyst 
reports. Dot-coms used to look at “eyeballs” back in the late 1990s 
6M
5M
4M
3M
2M
1M
0M
–1M
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
Figure 24.9 Performance of alpha using earnings-call data6
6 Alpha = average positive sentiment − average negative sentiment.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 194 ===
190 Finding Alphas
(perhaps they still do), and airlines think about “passenger miles,” 
whereas biotech companies may focus on drug trials or drugs in the 
pipeline. Understanding the key drivers of operational performance 
in each industry may help the alpha researcher figure out interin-
dustry variations in her strategy’s performance.
 • Analyst research can provide valid trading signals. On occasion, 
analyst research can directly move stock prices. You may have seen 
headlines attributing a large price bump or fall for a specific ticker to 
an analyst upgrade or downgrade, or to an increase in price targets. 
An extensive body of academic research shows a link between analyst 
research and stock returns; you can find it on Google Scholar under 
“stock analyst research.” A better understanding of analyst recom-
mendations may help you make better use of this information in con-
structing strategies.
THINGS TO WATCH OUT FOR IN READING 
ANALYST REPORTS
Whether you are reading analyst research to look for inspiration on 
new market strategies or want to use its recommendations and targets 
directly in strategy construction, it may help to keep in mind some of 
the pros, cons, and idiosyncrasies of this research.
 • Positive bias. While different banks have different approaches, aca-
demic researchers contend that stock analysts as a group exhibit 
positive bias. One implication is that the distribution of analyst rec-
ommendations is skewed. For example, if we are counting buy, hold, 
and sell recommendations, there are far more buy than sell recom-
mendations. Academic researchers have debated the reasons for this; 
Michaely and Womack (1999) and Lin and McNichols (1998) have 
questioned whether banks are inclined to issue optimistic recommen-
dations for companies with which they have relationships.
 • Herding. Herding refers to the theory that analysts try not to be 
too different from one another in their public recommendations and 
targets. Part of the reason for this may be behavioral: making pub-
lic stock price predictions (or “targets,” in analyst-speak) is a risky 
endeavor with career implications. All else being equal, there may 
be some safety in numbers from going with the crowd. A corollary 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 195 ===
Institutional Research 101: Analyst Reports 191
to this is that analysts who are more confident or have established 
reputations are usually willing to deviate more from the consensus.
Behavioral reasons aside, there may be sound reasons for analysts 
to arrive at similar conclusions – for example, most might be working 
off the same sources of information. Hence, it might be interesting 
to understand major analyst deviations from the consensus, what is 
unique about their methods or data source, and whether this can be 
systematized.
 • Coverage drop. Analysts have a greater tendency to issue buy (or at 
least slightly positive) ratings than sell ratings. The reason for this is 
ingrained in how the financial industry works. The desire of analysts to 
please their potential investment banking clients can create a conflict 
of interest. Issuing negative research on the stocks of their own corpo-
rate clients (or potential clients) may cost brokerages profitable busi-
ness. In other words, a brokerage firm would rather be wrong on any 
buy or sell recommendation than be right and lose a corporate client.
5,000k
4,500k
4,000k
3,500k
3,000k
2,500k
2,000k
1,500k
1,000k
500k
0k
–500k
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
Figure 24.10 Performance of an alpha using coverage drop7
7 Alpha = short-term analyst coverage/long-term analyst coverage.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 196 ===
192 Finding Alphas
In some cases – especially large-cap stocks – an analyst may rather 
drop coverage of the stock than give a sell signal on it and be proved 
wrong later. Therefore, a drop in coverage of a stock, especially a 
large cap, may be a red flag. Issuing a sell rating on a small company 
may have fewer repercussions for an analyst than issuing a sell rating 
on a big company.
Figure  24.10 shows the performance of an alpha that compares 
short-term and long-term analyst coverage. The idea is that if the 
number of analysts covering the stock has decreased significantly 
with respect to its long-term coverage, then we short the stock; we go 
long the stock if the short-term analyst coverage has increased.
WHY DO STOCK ANALYSTS TALK TO THE FINANCIAL MEDIA?
If you were to invest significant time and energy in detailed analysis that 
produced wonderful trading ideas, your first impulse might not be to 
pick up the phone and tell a bunch of reporters about it. After all, many 
ideas are capacity limited – only so many people can trade them before 
the price starts to move significantly and the chance for profit disappears.
Yet we find mentions of analyst research in media reports all the 
time. In fact, we may even rely on this because it allows us to peek 
into the world of analyst research at little or no cost. What explains this 
accessibility? Some possible reasons:
 • Many meetings between stock analysts and the companies they cover 
are open to members of the public and therefore to the financial press. 
One example of this is earnings calls, which are available through 
publicly accessible transcripts. In the US, the Securities and Exchange 
Commission’s Regulation Fair Disclosure, known as Reg FD, man-
dates that nonpublic information disclosed by issuers to investment 
professionals must also be made available to all market participants. 
This includes both analysts working for multibillion-dollar banks and 
members of the investing public.
 • A certain amount of publicity probably doesn’t hurt a stock analyst’s 
career. Media mentions and interviews may increase demand for an 
analyst’s research among investor clients, and high-profile recom-
mendations that are proved right (such as calling the market bottom in 
2009) may fast-track an analyst’s career. These benefits are possible 
only if analysts go public with some of their research.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 197 ===
Institutional Research 101: Analyst Reports 193
CONCLUSION
 • Analyst research may be accessible via the financial media.
 • Analyst recommendations and price targets may be trading signals in 
their own right.
 • Fundamental estimates provided by analysts provide an outlook for a 
company and can be used to make alphas.
 • Stock prices may respond to surprises resulting from a difference 
between reported fundamentals and their corresponding consen-
sus values.
 • The methodologies and reasoning processes analysts use to arrive at 
their recommendations may be a source of ideas for alpha researchers.
 • Earnings-call transcripts can be analyzed to gain insight into the  
collective sentiment of a company’s management, stock analysts, and 
reporters.
 • Watch out for caveats, such as positive bias, analyst herding, and  
coverage drops.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 198 ===
25
Event-Driven Investing
By Prateek Srivastava
Joseph Nicholas defines event-driven strategies in his book Hedge Fund 
of Funds Investing (2004) as “strategies that are based on investments in 
opportunities created by significant transactional events, such as spin- 
offs, mergers and acquisitions, industry consolidations, liquidations, 
reorganizations, bankruptcies, recapitalizations, share buybacks, and 
other extraordinary corporate transactions. The uncertainty about the 
outcome of these events creates investment opportunities for managers 
who can correctly anticipate them and the success or failure usually 
depends on whether the manager accurately predicts the outcome and 
timing of a concrete event.”
INTRODUCTION
Event-driven investment strategies attempt to take advantage of price 
inefficiencies around company-specific (and sometimes marketwide) 
events. The most popular event-driven strategies include actions taken 
in response to corporate actions:
 • Mergers and acquisitions, which give rise to a trading strategy known 
as merger arbitrage or risk arbitrage.
 • Spin-offs, split-offs, and carve-outs.
 • Distressed securities.
 • Index rebalancing.
 • Capital restructuring events, such as share buybacks, debt exchanges, 
and security issuances.
Event-driven strategies are important because their distribution of 
returns is significantly different from that of the market, providing 
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 199 ===
196 Finding Alphas
diversification to a typical hedge fund’s overall portfolio. A corporate 
event is generally unique to the specific organization and unrelated to 
broad market events, helping to reduce a portfolio’s market dependency.
Another important advantage of an event-driven strategy is that it 
is an all-season strategy. In every phase of the business and economic 
cycle, companies are pursuing ways to unlock shareholder value, so 
there is always some type of corporate event happening. Merger arbi-
trage events are quite frequent when the economy expands, for example, 
and distressed-strategy events are more common when the economy 
contracts. Figure 25.1 lists corporate events that are more frequent in 
various phases of the business cycle.
MERGER ARBITRAGE
Merger, or risk, arbitrage is probably the best-known event-driven 
investment strategy. In a merger, two companies mutually agree to join 
together, which often involves an exchange of shares. In an acquisition, 
there is a clear-cut buyer (the acquirer) and seller (the target). Often, 
M&A begins as an acquisition, perhaps unfriendly, but eventually the 
target succumbs and agrees to a merger. Merger arbitrage is a bet that 
the deal will or will not close. Some of the major reasons companies 
make acquisitions are listed in Table 25.1.
Management change
Mergers & acquisitions
Postbankruptcy reorganization
Capital restructuring
Corporate re/f_inancing
Management change
Mergers & acquisitions
Capital restructuring Capital restructuring
Corporate re/f_inancing Corporate re/f_inancing
Deleveraging
Mergers & acquisitions
Spin-offs & split-offs
Distressed asset
Shareholder activism
Spin-offs & split-offs
RECOVERY EXPANSION PEAK RECESSION
•
•
•
•
•
•
• •
•
•
•
••
•
•
•
•
Figure 25.1 Corporate events during phases of the business cycle
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 200 ===
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 201 ===
198 Finding Alphas
Since hedge funds began to proliferate in the 1990s, merger arbitrage 
has been a classic market-neutral strategy. However, the activity goes 
back to the 1940s, when Gustave Levy created the first arbitrage desk 
on Wall Street at investment bank Goldman, Sachs & Co. Goldman has 
been a valuable training ground for hedge fund managers, including 
Daniel Och, Richard Perry, and Tom Steyer, who came out of its risk 
arbitrage group in the 1980s to start their own firms. In fact, merger 
arbitrage was never more powerful than during the buyout boom of the 
1980s, when arbitrageurs provided the leverage in many of that era’s 
hostile deals.
The merger arbitrage process typically begins when the acquirer 
approaches the target company with the proposal of a merger or acqui-
sition. This discussion happens at the board of directors level and is 
kept confidential. If the companies agree on a deal, a press release dis -
closes the important terms of the merger, such as the offer price for 
the target company (or the exchange ratio of the shares in the case of 
a merger) and whether the deal will be paid for in cash or in stock. 
As its name implies, a cash merger is paid for in cash; in an all-stock 
deal, the merger is paid for in shares of the acquiring company at a 
certain exchange ratio. (Many deals involve a combination of cash and 
shares.) Following the news of the merger, the stock price of the target 
company typically jumps, but it generally does not reach the merger 
price because the deal carries the risk of not being completed. This is 
the point where the merger arbitrageur steps in. The difference between 
the target company’s stock price and the merger price is known as the 
deal spread:
 
Deal spread offer pricet arget stock price
target stock pricce  
This is the return (excluding dividend payments before the merger 
date and transaction costs) that the merger arbitrageur will earn if the 
deal goes through.
Within a few days of the official deal announcement, the full merger 
agreement is released by the two companies. The agreement contains 
all the details of the merger, including the conditions necessary for the 
deal to close, the required government approvals, and, most important, 
the material adverse change (MAC) clause. The MAC clause lists the 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 202 ===
Event-Driven Investing 199
conditions, mostly financial, under which either party can walk away 
from the deal.
An M&A fund manager will thoroughly analyze the deal agreement, 
conduct a detailed financial analysis of the transaction, participate in 
management conference calls, and check filings of both companies with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission to predict the likelihood of 
the merger’s completion and whether the expected returns from the deal 
are high enough to justify the risk involved. If he likes the trade, the 
fund manager will decide on the position size and hedge the risks. For 
example, in the case of an all-stock merger, the fund manager will buy 
stock in the target company and short the stock in the acquirer to hedge 
the risk that the latter’s stock price will drop before the deal concludes.
The fund manager would diversify across many deals to ensure that 
no single failed merger causes an unacceptably large drawdown to the 
portfolio. Since 1985, more than 300,000 M&A deals, with an estimated 
combined value of $33.2 trillion, have been announced in the US alone, 
according to the Institute for Mergers, Acquisitions and Alliances. In 
terms of total transaction value, 2015 was historic: $2.4 trillion, from 
roughly 13,000 deals. The record number of deals took place in 2017, 
when there were 15,558 transactions. All this activity gives fund manag-
ers a sufficient breadth of events to diversify their portfolios.
Many conditions affect the completion of a merger. Friendly merg-
ers, where the deal is backed by the target company’s management, 
have a higher probability of completion than hostile takeovers. Some 
deals may not get the required approvals because of antitrust concerns 
or other regulatory issues. A deal also may fail because of overall mar-
ket conditions. For example, if the plan is to use external financing to 
pay for the merger and a credit crunch hits the market, the acquirer may 
not be able to arrange financing. Likewise, if the target company’s stock 
price falls below the merger offer price because of a market decline, the 
acquirer may believe it is overpaying for the stock and the deal may not 
go through at the original price.
Merger arbitrage strategies are generally uncorrelated to market 
movements, but they are not immune to market risk. The returns on 
M&A strategies are uncorrelated during bull and mild bear markets, 
but in significant downturns they show higher correlation to the market 
because factors like uncertainty of completion, regulatory problems, or 
inability to get financing increase the risk of deal failure.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 203 ===
200 Finding Alphas
SPIN-OFFS, SPLIT-OFFS, AND CARVE-OUTS
A spin-off is the opposite of a merger: a divestiture in which a com-
pany separates a portion of its business (a division or a subsidiary) and 
organizes it as an independent company that is often publicly traded. 
This generally is done to unlock overall shareholder value (Table 25.2). 
A company may want to sell its noncore or nonessential businesses to 
focus on its core operations and competencies. For instance, General 
Electric sold 15% of its noncore financing arm Synchrony Financial in 
a 2014 initial public offering and completed the separation the next year 
by offering GE shareholders the opportunity to exchange their shares 
for shares in the 85% of Synchrony GE still owned. (For more examples 
of spin-offs, see Table 25.3.)
Split-offs and carve-outs are similar to spin-offs. In a spin-off, share-
holders of the parent company receive shares in the subsidiary on a pro 
rata basis. In the case of a split-off, shareholders of the parent company 
decide whether to tender shares in the parent in exchange for shares in 
the subsidiary. In an equity carve-out, the parent sells some shares of 
the subsidiary while retaining a fractional stake in the business.
Spin-offs are quite common; there typically are about 50 a year in 
the US alone. Many studies have found that both spun-off companies 
and their parents outperform the market in the years immediately after 
the split. Spin-offs generally outperform for a few reasons. Because 
the businesses are more focused on their core products, they run more 
efficiently and the profitability of each unit tends to grow. Also, the 
market starts valuing each business unit more accurately: analysts can 
assign each unit the price-earnings value of the individual industry to 
which it belongs rather than having to rely on a broader sector or on 
market values.
Even though these companies often outperform in the long run, they 
sometimes experience short-term price weakness. This may happen 
because shares of the spun-off unit may not fit the investment criteria of 
shareholders of the parent company. For instance, the spun-off company 
will have a smaller capitalization, and some shareholders might have 
limitations on their exposure to small-cap stocks, in their own right or 
because they typically have higher beta to the market. Generally, it is 
reasonable to invest in both the parent and the spun-off company, but it 
is important to carefully examine the particulars of any spin-off before 
making a decision on whether to keep, sell, or buy companies that are 
planning to spin off or already have done so.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 204 ===
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 205 ===
202 Finding Alphas
DISTRESSED-ASSET INVESTING
Distressed assets are the securities of companies or government enti-
ties that are experiencing financial or operational distress, default, or 
bankruptcy. Companies can become distressed for various reasons, 
including:
 • Highly leveraged balance sheets
 • Liquidity problems
 • Credit downgrades
 • Accounting irregularities
 • Inadequate cash flows
 • Poor operating performance
When an asset is distressed, it may trade far below its intrinsic value 
because of pessimistic investor sentiment. When this happens, investors 
whose mandates do not permit them to hold distressed securities, such 
as most mutual funds, are forced to sell them. This can cause huge dif-
ferences between the assets’ intrinsic value and the prevailing market 
price, and thus can present sizable potential profit opportunities. Invest-
ing in these assets to trade on the arbitrage between the intrinsic value 
and the prevailing market price of the security is known as distressed- 
asset investing. Warren Buffett fans might remember this strategy as the 
“cigar butt investing” approach:
“If you buy a stock at a sufficiently low price, there will usually be some 
hiccup in the fortunes of the business that gives you a chance to unload 
at a decent profit, even though the long-term performance of the business 
may be terrible. I call this the ‘cigar butt’ approach to investing. A cigar 
Table 25.3 Examples of notable spin-offs
Year Spin-offs
2015 eBay spins off PayPal, an online payment platform.
2012 Kraft Foods splits off its snack business as Mondelez International.
2011 Travel website Expedia spins off its review site TripAdvisor.
2006 McDonald’s spins off popular Mexican-food chain Chipotle.
1999 Hewlett-Packard spins off its measurement business as Agilent Technologies.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 206 ===
Event-Driven Investing 203
butt found on the street that has only one puff left in it may not offer much 
of a smoke, but the ‘bargain purchase’ will make that puff all profit. ”
— Warren Buffett, Berkshire Hathaway 1989 shareholder letter
The distressed-asset universe is huge and spans all kinds of below- 
investment- grade debt securities. These investments may include high- 
yield bonds, below-par distressed bank loans, debtor-in-possession 
loans, credit default swaps, preferred stock, common stock, warrants, 
and real estate assets. Distressed-asset investing tends to perform best 
during bull markets, when investors make money on the turnaround on 
investments made during the preceding economic downturn. A down-
turn provides a large number of opportunities for this form of investing. 
However, one can find good bargains even in a good economy: the US 
auto and airline sectors offered ample opportunities in the 2004–2006 
period even though the economy was strong. The returns from dis-
tressed investing largely depend on company- and sector-specific fac-
tors rather than on overall business and credit cycles.
Hedge fund managers focusing on distressed securities can be cat-
egorized as active or passive. Active managers get involved in the daily 
business of the target company and work closely with its management to 
turn it around. Passive managers, meanwhile, are more oriented toward 
trading; they buy undervalued distressed securities and sell them when 
they revert to their fair value. Active managers who may have access to 
inside information are restricted in their trading until corporate infor -
mation becomes public or immaterial. This is particularly a limitation in 
the event that a turnaround fails and the company files for bankruptcy. 
Active managers can sell their positions only after the bankruptcy pro-
cess is complete, as opposed to passive managers, who, because they 
rely on public information, are not restricted.
INDEX-REBALANCING ARBITRAGE
In this investment strategy, the arbitrageur bets on which stocks will 
be included in or excluded from an index. Some of the most popular 
indices for rebalancing arbitrage are managed by the London Stock 
Exchange Group’s FTSE Russell business. A big reason for this is that 
Russell indices are rebalanced once a year, in June, whereas other major 
indices, such as the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average, are 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 207 ===
204 Finding Alphas
adjusted on an irregular basis. Among the Russell family of indices, the 
Russell Microcap Index is the most popular among these arbitrageurs 
because the companies that constitute it are very small and may not be 
well known. After they join the index, these companies often see a jump 
in participation by funds benchmarked to it. Stocks that move from the 
Russell 2000 to the large-cap Russell 1000 Index do not see a compara-
ble jump in interest because they were already within the broad universe 
of index investments and simply moved from one basket to another.
Index rebalancing (or index reconstitution) arbitrage is a play on 
identifying additions and deletions to the index before they actually are 
added and deleted. If an investor can buy and sell the stocks ahead of 
institutional investors, they can generate profits after the announcement 
as the institutions buy and sell them. Historically, added and deleted 
stocks have significantly outperformed and underperformed the index, 
respectively, in the 2–3 months after the announcements were made.
CAPITAL STRUCTURE ARBITRAGE
A company’s capital structure comprises the shares, debts, and other 
financial instruments it uses to finance its operations. In capital struc-
ture arbitrage, one security of a company is traded against another 
security of the same company – for example, buying the company’s 
bonds and shorting its stock, or trading its credit default swaps (CDSs) 
against its stock. Another play could be on the arbitrage between list-
ings of the same security on different exchanges; such mispricings may 
happen because of liquidity or other factors. Another type of capital 
arbitrage is to trade on changes in the company’s capital structure, such 
as share buybacks, share issuances, debt issuances, or debt exchanges. 
These trades do not express a view on the overall quality of the com-
pany but on relative mispricings or shifts in value among different 
forms of capital.
One of the most popular capital structure arbitrage plays is to profit 
from mispricings between a company’s equity and its bonds or credit 
default swaps. This strategy has gained a lot of popularity with the 
growth of the CDS market. Consider, for example, what happens when 
extremely bad news hits a company. This will cause both its bonds and 
its stocks to fall, though the stock prices will likely decline further, for 
several reasons. Stockholders will absorb a greater loss than bondholders 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 208 ===
Event-Driven Investing 205
if the company is liquidated, because bondholders have a priority claim 
on the assets of the company; the dividend might be reduced or dropped 
altogether, whereas annual bond payments are fixed, and the stock mar-
ket is usually more liquid and so reacts to news more dramatically. In 
the case of bad news, if a mispricing is detected, the fund manager can 
go long the equity and short the bond. Another way to play the same 
trade is to use CDSs instead of bonds: the fund manager can go long 
equity and buy undervalued CDS protection. There are many ways to 
construct the same trade, and it is up to the fund manager to conduct due 
diligence to find the one with the best risk-return profile.
A second type of capital structure arbitrage involves finding mispric-
ings between different categories of debt (for example, senior versus 
junior, secured versus unsecured, and bank loans versus bonds). During 
periods of stress or financial distress for the issuer company, discrep-
ancies will occur in the relative prices of these debt instruments. The 
fund manager can play on the convergence of the spread between these 
instruments to the equilibrium level. Another example of capital struc-
ture arbitrage is convertible bond arbitrage, based on bonds that can 
be exchanged for company stock. The spread between standard bonds 
and convertible bonds should be fairly consistent, but variances in the 
company’s stock price and dividend levels can give rise to mispricings 
between these two categories of bonds.
CONCLUSION
Event-driven strategies capitalize on mispricings in securities linked 
to specific corporate events, such as mergers, acquisitions, spin-offs, 
bankruptcies, and restructurings. They have been among the best- 
performing hedge fund strategies historically and have gained a lot of 
traction over the past two decades. M&A strategies in particular have 
shown the best performance on a risk-adjusted basis, indicating why 
they are so popular among managers of event-driven funds. Those who 
incorporate multi-event strategies into a diversified hedge fund port-
folio have the ability to potentially capture meaningful upside returns 
that are independent of broad market moves. Successful event-driven 
managers must possess vast deal experience, deep industry knowledge, 
and strong legal capabilities to assess the probable outcomes of a wide 
range of corporate events.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 209 ===
26
Intraday Data in 
Alpha Research
By Dusan Timotity
The dynamics of liquidity, transaction price uncertainty, the structure 
of the order book, and the formation of the bid–ask spread all con-
tribute significantly to the performance of alphas. These patterns affect 
the realized return most trivially via the effects of trading turnover – 
the channel referred to as impact – but they also have indirect effects 
on alpha performance and can themselves be sources of alpha signals, 
through characteristics related to the intraday dynamics of the traded 
assets. Collectively, these properties of the asset market define the mar-
ket microstructure.
Research in market microstructure, as its name suggests, aims to 
capture the structure of investors by separating distinct classes that 
differ in their behavior or motivation for trading. Since the milestone 
paper of Glosten and Milgrom (1985), a wide variety of microstructural 
patterns has been discovered and documented to significantly affect 
the expected returns of assets. In their pioneering results, the authors 
derived how bid–ask spreads are formed in equilibrium; this is highly 
important in the analysis of the after-cost performance of alphas. Before 
going into details, we first define the topic-specific terminology, such as 
liquidity, the bid–ask spread, and the order book, and clarify the differ-
ences between quote- and order-driven markets. Second, we discuss the 
notion of the illiquidity premium that stands for the positive relation-
ship between expected returns and liquidity, with examples for poten-
tial alphas. Third, we present mainstream market microstructure models 
and their implications for asset prices.
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 210 ===
208 Finding Alphas
DATA IN MARKET MICROSTRUCTURE
Capital markets can be broadly classified as two types, based on their 
trading structure. In quote-driven markets, specialists – market partici-
pants, also known as market makers or dealers, who serve as counter -
parties for transactions at their quoted price – provide investors with the 
opportunity to trade and guarantee the execution at their unique bid and 
ask prices: the prices at which they are willing to buy and sell, respec-
tively. This opportunity is also called liquidity, defined as the “degree 
to which an order can be executed within a short time frame at a price 
close to the security’s consensus value” (Foucault et al. 2013). In con-
trast, in order-driven markets investors have access to the order book 
that collects various bid–ask price and quantity combinations from 
other counterparties and crosses them with one another. The latter mar-
ket type has higher transparency; however, execution is guaranteed only 
up to the quantity offered at the particular price. Although both types 
are represented in capital markets – there are hybrid forms combining 
elements of both – alpha research is mainly focused on order-driven 
markets, especially in the case of equities.
Trade orders can be split into two groups, based on their motivation. 
Limit orders build up the order book by indicating willingness to buy or 
sell specific quantities at various prices, and therefore provide liquidity 
to the market. Market orders eat up liquidity by serving as counterparties 
to limit orders to a specific quantity at the lowest or highest ask or bid, 
respectively. Together these two types of trade orders drive the dynam-
ics of liquidity and the depth of the order book, which refers to the price 
impact of a market order to trade a specific quantity. The shape of the 
order book is very important to the performance of alphas in live trading. 
As shown in Figure 26.1, the quantities of limit orders are aggregated at 
specific prices (upper left graph), which define the marginal and average 
execution prices (upper right and bottom left graphs respectively) and 
thus the cost (bottom left graph) of a market order with a specific size. 
Hence, through the analysis of the order book, investors can calculate 
how their alpha will perform after impact costs on a given asset.
THE ILLIQUIDITY PREMIUM IN ASSET PRICES
There is a positive relationship between the distance from the lowest 
ask to the highest bid price, also known as the bid–ask spread, and the  
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 211 ===
154.3
154.25
154.2
154.15
154.1
154.05
154
153.95
153.9
153.85
153.8
154.3
154.25
154.2
154.15
154.1
154.05
154
153.95
153.9
153.85
153.8
price
bid orders ask orders
–1,500–1,000 –500 0 500 1,000 1,500 –1.5– 1 –0.5 00 .5 11 .5
order size
marginal execution price
x104
x104x104
1,800
1,600
1,400
1,200
1,000
800
600
400
200
0
–1 –0.50 0.5 1
order sizeorder size
total transaction cost
154.3
154.25
154.2
154.15
154.1
154.05
154
153.95
153.9
153.85
153.8
–1.5 –1 –0.5 0 0.5 1 1.5
average execution price
Figure 26.1 The limit-order book of IBM on January 28, 2015, at 09:55
Source: https://s100.copyright.com/AppDispatchServlet?publisherName=ELS&contentID=S0022053116300382&orderBeanReset=true. 
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jet.2016.06.001. Copyright © 2019 Copyright Clearance Center, Inc.  
All rights reserved.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 212 ===
210 Finding Alphas
expected return. According to the illiquidity premium principle, because 
portfolio performance is measured after costs, investors require excess 
returns from illiquid assets to cover their losses from buying higher (at 
the ask price) and selling lower (at the bid price). The theory was first 
confirmed by Amihud and Mendelson (1986), showing that, on aver -
age, a 1% increase in the spread is associated with a 0.211% increase in 
monthly risk-adjusted returns. Hence, a strategy applied to assets with 
high spreads yields increased returns in exchange for a fixed cost: in 
line with the aforementioned results, a 1% extra fixed cost as a result 
of increased spread is counterbalanced by the elevated return over a 
period of excess spread
monthly excess return
1
0 211. , or roughly five months. In 
other words, buy-and-hold investors with at least a five-month-long 
investment horizon, or investors trading daily alphas with turnover less 
than 
monthly excess return
number of days in a month
excess spreadd
0 211
21
1
.
, or roughly 1%, seek a profit 
by investing in assets with a higher spread.
Liquidity can be measured in alternative ways. Researchers have 
shown that other proxies, such as the Amihud illiquidity (2002), can 
capture a significant proportion of the excess return. For example, this 
latter measure, calculated as the average daily ratio of the absolute stock 
return to dollar volume, ex ante predicts a monthly excess return of 
0.163% in response to a 1 percentage point change.
It is important to note that liquidity is not constant over time. As 
shown in Figure 26.2, the spreads of equities vary significantly, both in 
time series and across assets. In fact, the recent financial crisis caused 
a large spike in the bid–ask spreads of equities (Pedersen 2009), which 
played a key role in the disappearing liquidity and falling stock prices. 
Investors also require a premium for the risk due to changing liquidity 
dynamics, on top of the premium related to the liquidity level. Pástor 
and Stambaugh (2003) created one of the best-known models to cap -
ture this type of exposure. In their model, the authors highlight that the 
increased sensitivity of an asset to market liquidity shocks comes with 
additional risk and therefore bears a significant risk premium. They 
measure that, on average, stocks with high sensitivities to liquidity pro-
vide an annual 7.5% return over those with low sensitivity. The cross-  
sectional differences among liquidity dynamics stress the importance 
of liquidity analysis in alpha research: small- and large-capitalization 
stocks might behave completely orthogonally to each other in their 
response to market liquidity shocks.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 213 ===
Intraday Data in Alpha Research 211
Changes in liquidity are relevant to intraday trading as well. Execu-
tion strategies and intraday alphas take advantage of the robust intraday 
patterns found in spread, volume, and return volatility; the best known 
of these are the U-shaped intraday pattern in volume (Jain and Joh 
1988) and return volatility (Wood et al. 1985), and the reversed J-shape 
in bid–ask spreads (McInish and Wood 1992). Trivially, alphas whose 
trading is concentrated in periods when volume is high and spreads are 
low perform better after costs. The aforementioned empirical evidence 
for a positive intraday correlation between spreads and return volatil-
ity leads us to question its theoretical basis – that is, how spreads are 
determined and, in particular, how market microstructure is involved in 
these patterns.
MARKET MICROSTRUCTURE AND EXPECTED RETURNS
Apart from allowing us to model the dynamics of liquidity, intraday 
data enables analysis of the interaction among market participants.  
In fact, the goal of the latter research direction is often set to find theo-
retical explanations for empirical patterns documented by the former.
10.0%
9.0%
8.0%
7.0%
6.0%
5.0%
4.0%
3.0%
2.0%
1.0%
0.0%
1950
1952
1954
1956
1958
1960
1962
1964
1966
1968
1970
1972
1974
1976
1978
1980
1982
1984
1986
1988
1990
1992
1994
1996
1998
2000
2002
2004
2006
Large stocks
Small stocksEqual-weight market
Figure 26.2 Bid–ask spread of NYSE stocks
Source: Reproduced by the permission of John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 214 ===
212 Finding Alphas
The theories of microstructure take into account the price discovery 
process and, in general, differentiate among informed traders, uninformed 
traders, and specialists. Informed traders are defined as rational entities 
that buy (or sell) if the “true value” of an asset is higher (or lower) than the 
bid (or ask) price. Uninformed traders, by contrast, act on no rational logic 
but trade purely for liquidity purposes. For example, they buy into equities 
in periods when they have excess income and sell when they are in need 
of cash. Specialists either control the quoted prices or submit limit orders 
to provide the market with liquidity, and aim to cover their eventual losses 
against informed traders by making a profit on the bid–ask spread.
According to Glosten and Milgrom (1985), conditional on the spe -
cialists being risk-neutral, there exists an equilibrium bid and ask price, 
and hence a spread. In their model, informed and uninformed traders 
submit market orders with probabilities π and 1 , respectively. The 
former know the exact value of assets that can be either high vH  or 
low vL . Specialists can only guess the expected value (v) using proba-
bilities: They believe that Pr vv H  and Pr vv L 1 . Unin-
formed investors trade completely randomly on both sides; hence, the 
probability of a buy or sell trade coming from them is always 0.5. Then, 
if the specialists are competitive and risk-neutral, their expected profit 
is zero on both the bid ( b) and the ask (a) sides. Therefore, if they lose 
against the informed traders (the first terms in equations 1 and 2 below) 
and win against the uninformed traders (the second terms in equations 1 
and 2 below), their profits are
 av avH 05 10.,  (1) 
 vb vbL 05 10..  (2)
The difference between the ask and bid prices, or the spread ( S), is 
then given by
 
S
vvHL1
05 11 05 1..
. (3)
Moreover, by further simplifying the model with the assumption that 
prices follow a random walk at the intraday level 05. , the spread 
becomes a linear function of the probability of informed trading (π):
 Sv vHL . (4)
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 215 ===
Intraday Data in Alpha Research 213
The importance of Glosten and Milgrom’s results lies in the illi -
quidity premium principle discussed above, stating that higher spreads 
increase the expected returns. One of the most detailed analyses of this 
indirect link between the probability of informed trading in a given 
stock and the stock’s return was conducted by Easley et al. (2002). The 
authors measure the probability of informed trading (PIN) in individual 
New York Stock Exchange-listed stocks between 1983 and 1998 and 
show that after controlling for the Fama–French factors, a 10 percentage 
point change in PIN leads to an annual 2.5% premium in the expected 
return. Their model is logically fairly simple: an information event 
can occur each day with probability α that signals either good news 
with probability δ or bad news with probability 1 . Then, assum -
ing that the expected number of trades from uninformed investors is 
constant, following a Poisson distribution with intensity μ, as shown 
in Figure  26.3, one can easily calculate the expected number of buy 
and sell trades conditional on the event occurrence. By defining the 
actual trades as buy or sell on a given day with the market order type, 
the authors use maximum-likelihood estimation to guess the underlying 
microstructure and, in particular, the probability of informed trading in 
any asset. The relationship between this estimated PIN and the expected 
return is trivial; replacing π in equation 4 above with PIN reveals the 
linear relationship with the spread and the return.
Various modifications of Glosten and Milgrom’s model have been 
published subsequently. Some authors introduced other investor types 
Signal Low /uni03B4
Sell Arrival Rate: /uni03B5 s + µ
Sell Arrival Rate: /uni03B5 s
Sell Arrival Rate: /uni03B5 s
Buy Arrival Rate: /uni03B5 b
Buy Arrival Rate: /uni03B5 b
Buy Arrival Rate: /uni03B5 b + µ
Signal High (1 – /uni03B4 )
Once per Day
Information Event Occurs /uni03B1
Information Event Does Not Occur (1 – /uni03B1 )
Figure 26.3 Tree diagram of the trading process in a given day
Source: Reproduced by the permission of John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 216 ===
214 Finding Alphas
in the microstructure and found evidence that these classes can signifi-
cantly influence the expected return of assets. In Ormos and Timotity 
(2016a), a contrarian, heuristic-driven class is included in the model; 
by estimating the probability of heuristic-driven trading ( PH), they 
showed that a 10 percentage point increase in PH yields an annual 4.5% 
excess return.
These measures, however, work only with a time-consuming 
maximum- likelihood estimation, and generally at low frequencies 
(quarterly or yearly). To avoid these disadvantages, alternative meth -
ods, such as the dynamic measure of the probability of informed trading 
(DPIN), have been introduced into market microstructure. According to 
Chang et al. (2014), DPIN succeeds at capturing a similar structure by 
using a much quicker method to calculate the probability of informed 
trading. The authors propose three slightly different methods based on 
trading data. The measure providing liquidity patterns that are the most 
similar to those documented in previous studies is the size-filtered prob-
ability of informed trading, calculated as:
 
DPIN NB
NT
NS
NT LTSIZE 00  (5)
where NB, NS, NT, ε, and LT stand for the number of buy trades, sell 
trades, and total trades; the autocorrelation-filtered return; and the large 
trade indicator (if the particular subperiod has greater trade size than 
median during the aggregating period). The idea behind their meth -
odology is that informed trades tend to be large in magnitude and that 
informed traders buy or sell when prices go down or up. Their results 
provide further evidence for the significant relationship between 
informed trading and expected return at a daily level: the firm-  specific 
return variation ( FSRV), measured as a function of daily returns   
unexplained by market movements, FSRV R
Rlog 1 2
2  where R2 is the 
coefficient of determination of the market model, is significantly and 
positively affected by DPIN measures, indicating a higher unexplained 
variance for stocks with a higher probability of informed trading.
In addition to highlighting cross-sectional effects in excess returns, 
market microstructure can contribute to alpha research through time-  
series analysis. As alpha quality is highly dependent on the magnitude of 
drawdowns, the ability to predict and avoid at least the largest negative 
shocks is essential. The predictive nature of the market microstructure 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 217 ===
Intraday Data in Alpha Research 215
dynamics often can be useful for this purpose. According to Easley 
et al. (2011), the “flash crash” of May 6, 2010, was a good example of 
such a drawdown: in their results, they use the volume-synchronized 
probability of informed trading (VPIN) and measure the ramp-up of 
informed trading that caused liquidity providers to leave the market; 
this was already noticeable at least a week before the flash crash and 
had reached its highest level in the history of the E-mini S&P 500 con-
tract just before the collapse. Similarly, Yan and Zhang (2012) docu-
ment the largest spike in PIN in a decade during the first quarter of 
2000, when the dot-com bubble peaked. Another interesting pattern is 
shown by Ormos and Timotity (2016b): the authors reveal a plunge in 
the probability of informed trading subsequent to the Lehman Brothers 
collapse in 2008 when controlling for heuristic-driven traders.
These findings also highlight the importance of analyzing the 
dynamics of noise in alpha research. Alphas that are primarily based 
on technical analysis are likely to perform better for both periods and 
assets when the probability of informed trading is low compared with 
periods/assets with high PIN, for two reasons. First, assets with many 
informed traders are likely to revert more quickly to their fundamental 
values, so time-series patterns are not expected to last as long. Second, 
as noted above, higher PIN comes with lower explanatory power of 
market movements (Chang et al. 2014), and because technical analysis 
often relies on grouped patterns such as group momentum, its predic-
tive ability is lower. However, because firm-specific attributes become 
more important at higher levels of PIN, alphas related to fundamental 
values, such as those based on balance-sheet items or insider trading, 
may have higher Sharpe ratios when applied to periods and assets with 
a higher probability of informed trading.
CONCLUSION
Intraday data can add significant value to alpha research in a variety of 
ways. Because of the illiquidity premium – the principle that investors 
require excess return for higher trading costs – the gap between the 
bid and ask prices (the spread) is an important factor in explaining the 
expected return. Together with the spread, the depth of the order book 
also affects the after-cost performance of a strategy, through the price 
impact on the average execution price of a transaction as a function of 
the traded volume. Because profits include liquidity, the riskiness of the 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 218 ===
216 Finding Alphas
latter also is included in the price: assets whose spread is highly sensi-
tive to market liquidity shocks have higher risk and therefore yield an 
expected return premium over those with low sensitivity.
Intraday patterns also can be used to estimate the microstructure of 
assets. Separating the pool of investors into subclasses with different 
behaviors allows us to detect informed trades and estimate the probabil-
ity of adverse selection. Liquidity providers lose against informed trad-
ers, on average, and therefore require a premium to cover their expenses, 
which they include in their bid–ask spread quotes. Again, in line with 
the illiquidity premium, this is reflected in the expected returns of 
assets; hence, higher levels of informed trading expect excess returns.
Last, the dynamics of the spread and microstructure can act as a time- 
series predictor of future drawdowns in the markets. Several studies 
have shown that changes in informed and heuristic-driven trading often 
precede negative market shocks and, in particular, meltdowns in which 
a key driving factor is disappearing liquidity. Therefore, it is essential 
to consider intraday patterns in alpha research, not only because these 
patterns can produce signals but also because they can significantly 
increase the performance and robustness of strategies based on alter -
native data.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 219 ===
27
Intraday Trading
By Rohit Kumar Jha
Intraday trading, also known as day trading, is speculation in  
securities – specifically, buying and selling financial instruments within 
the same trading day. Some of the more commonly day-traded finan-
cial instruments are stocks, options, currencies, and a host of futures 
contracts, such as equity index futures, interest rate futures, currency 
futures, and commodity futures. Strictly defined, all day-trading posi-
tions are closed before the market closes. Many traders, however, 
include day trading as one component of an overall strategy. Traders 
who trade intraday with the motive of profit are considered specula-
tors rather than hedgers or liquidity traders. The methods of quick trad-
ing contrast with the long- term methods underlying buy-and-hold and 
value investing strategies.
It may seem quite unremarkable that a trader can buy and sell an 
instrument on the same day, but day trading is a relatively new concept. 
Although the practice can be traced back to 1867 and the creation of 
the first ticker tape, there were significant barriers to entry at that time, 
and as a result this type of trading was not popular among the general 
population. Day trading began to gain in popularity with the creation 
of electronic communication networks like Instinet in 1969 and the 
National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation Sys-
tem, or Nasdaq, in 1971, as well as the abolishment of fixed commis-
sion rates in 1975.
An intraday alpha tries to time the entry and exit points of trades 
to make money on intraday price fluctuations. The switch from daily 
alpha research to intraday alpha research requires certain changes in 
style and approach. This chapter presents different styles of making 
intraday alphas, beginning with some fundamental differences in intra-
day alpha construction. Then we look into the pros and cons of day 
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 220 ===
218 Finding Alphas
trading over daily trading. After that, we consider some different ways 
of making intraday alphas, followed by a few examples.
DAILY TRADING VERSUS INTRADAY TRADING
A wide variety of information is available for making daily alphas, 
from sources ranging from corporate balance sheets to social media 
to weather data. Most of the information sources used in making daily 
alphas are useless in intraday research because their horizons are too 
long to be helpful. However, other information sources, including bid- 
and- ask snapshot prices, detailed order-book data, and other micro-
structure data, have predictive power for much shorter time horizons 
and thus are much more helpful for intraday research.
In general, as the analyst inches toward higher-frequency research, he 
has less diverse sources of information and data at his disposal. When 
doing daily research, an analyst is not that concerned about the perfor -
mance of individual alphas in relation to cost because it is possible to cross 
many different alphas. But in intraday research, cost becomes a concern at 
the alpha level, owing to the lack of sufficiently diverse sources of informa-
tion and the lower ability to net out different alphas. This will be touched 
upon below when the process of making an intraday alpha is explained.
Intraday research offers some significant advantages over daily 
research. Because it is possible to trade at much finer timescales, the 
performance and returns of intraday alphas are generally much higher. 
The statistical significance of intraday alphas for even shorter backtest-
ing periods is much higher for intraday alphas than for daily alphas. As 
a result, the out-of-sample performance of the alphas is very similar to 
the performance in the backtesting period.
When making daily alphas, the analyst tries to keep the alphas neu-
tral to all possible overnight risks, like dollar delta exposure, sector 
exposure, and similar risk factors. When we are working on intraday 
alphas, however, most of these risk factors are acceptable beneath a cer-
tain threshold, as it is possible to get out of those positions immediately 
if they go against the alpha. This provides an opportunity to use these 
risk factors to try to improve returns.
Liquidity is defined as the availability of an asset to the market. At 
any particular time, there is only so much volume being traded. In other 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 221 ===
Intraday Trading 219
words, there is limited liquidity at any time. If someone trades a sig-
nificant fraction of the volume being traded at a given time, she runs 
the risk of moving the price herself, making it more difficult to execute 
the trade. Most tradable instruments don’t have sufficient liquidity dur-
ing the day to trade them frequently throughout the day. This restricts 
intraday trading to the most-liquid instruments in any region. In the US, 
for example, it’s difficult to trade anything except the top 200–500 most 
liquid instruments. This, in turn, leads to smaller possible capital alloca-
tions on intraday strategies.
DIFFERENT TYPES OF INTRADAY ALPHAS
There are different styles of intraday alphas. The classical definition of 
intraday alphas is that the alphas do not hold any overnight positions. 
Such alphas are called overnight-0 alphas. Similarly, overnight-1 alphas 
are those that hold positions overnight as well. In general, such alphas 
either hold unliquidated positions overnight or take the form of intraday 
overlays on overnight positions. In both overnight-0 and overnight-1 
alphas, the alpha can either allocate positions continuously across dif-
ferent instruments or have a more discrete entry- or exit-based signal. 
In entry- or exit-based signals, the trade is entered based on an indicator 
or abnormal change in some derived statistics (called events) and the 
position is held until some exit triggers are met. These exit triggers can 
be a change in derived statistics or some stop-loss or profit-booking 
conditions.
When designing intraday alphas, an analyst needs to keep several 
constraints in mind. For one thing, liquidity is not the same throughout 
the day. It typically looks like Figure 27.1, with most trading happen-
ing at the start and the end of the day. Some stocks have very large 
slippage at the beginning of the trading day – for example, Microsoft 
Corp. (MSFT), as shown in Figure 27.2 – and in such cases it is gener-
ally a good idea to get into or out of positions in these securities when 
there is less slippage. Also, remember that not all financial instruments 
behave similarly, especially when we are working on intraday alphas 
for exchange-traded funds and futures. For many categories of ideas, 
the instruments need to be treated separately or in small groups of simi-
lar instruments.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 222 ===
220 Finding Alphas
MAKING AN INTRADAY ALPHA
The following is an example of a simple mean-reversion alpha. The 
analyst wants to capture the reverting nature of financial instruments. 
The alpha is defined as:
 alpha second_last_interval_close last_interval_close  
Figure 27.1 Daily trading volume for Microsoft Corp. (MSFT)
Figure 27.2 Intraday spread profile for Microsoft Corp. (MSFT)
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 223 ===
Intraday Trading 221
This is an overnight-0 continuous alpha on the top 500 liquid instru-
ments. The positions are then neutralized by subtracting the cross-  
sectional mean, keeping each interval dollar neutral (equal long and 
short positions).
This idea can be improved by understanding it more deeply. This is 
a mean-reversion idea, and the analyst is trying to capture the tendency 
of instruments to revert to their mean positions. The instruments that are 
more volatile should have a higher tendency to revert. We can capture 
that in multiple ways. One way is presented below. Simply take the 
standard deviation of returns or price for the past 30–40 intervals and 
multiply the alpha value by the standard deviation:
 
alpha second_last_interval_close last_interval_close
std
*
cclose  
This improves the margins, but it decreases the Sharpe ratio. It is 
important to understand why. Introducing the multiplying factor 
increases both the returns and the volatility of the alpha, but the volatil-
ity is in the denominator of the Sharpe ratio, and the net effect of these 
opposite forces is to lower the overall Sharpe.
An analyst could try to lower the volatility of the alpha as a whole 
as follows:
 
alpha second_last_interval_close last_interval_close/
std cclose  
This lowers the volatility of the alpha and hence raises the Sharpe 
ratio, but it also significantly cuts the returns and margins.
The alpha design choices depend on the trader’s requirements. The 
former version, with higher margins, would perform better after apply-
ing transaction costs. One can try variants of the same by using the cross-
section rank of std(close) instead of the absolute values.
CONCLUSION
Intraday trading is significantly different from daily trading, in which an 
analyst can gather information from a wide variety of sources. At the same 
time, certain pieces of information with short-term predictive power, such 
as bid–ask and other order-book-level information, which are mostly use-
less in daily trading, have significant potential value in intraday trading. 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 224 ===
222 Finding Alphas
Intraday trading is hampered by the limited liquidity of most financial 
instruments, which restricts day traders generally to the most liquid of 
instruments. But the limited trading-book size is compensated for by the 
higher potential returns generated in intraday trading. Intraday alphas can 
be of different types, varying from pure intraday alphas that hold no over-
night positions to hybrid daily- intraday alphas that hold overnight posi-
tions but boost returns with an intraday overlay.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 225 ===
28
Finding an Index Alpha
By Glenn DeSouza
Alpha discovery is not limited to single-company equity instruments. 
With the dramatic rise of passive investing in the past two decades, 
exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and related index products have fos -
tered the growth of various index-based alpha strategies. Historically 
based in large investment banks because of their reliance on technol -
ogy investment, balance sheet usage, and cheap funding, these strate -
gies have become more popular among buy-side firms in recent years, 
including large quant- and arbitrage-focused hedge funds and market-  
making firms.
INDEX ARBITRAGE IN PRACTICE
Index arbitrage is an alpha strategy that attempts to profit from differ -
ences between the actual and theoretical futures prices of a stock index, 
adjusted for the trader’s unique costs, including cost of capital and bor-
rowing costs (or stock rebate). The theoretical value, or the fair value in 
industry parlance, of an index futures contract can be described by the 
following top-down adjustment formula:
 Fair value of future cash value of indexi nterestd ividendss 
Holding a futures contract instead of directly investing in the under-
lying companies of a stock index frees up additional capital for invest -
ment (because futures have a much lower margin requirement than 
stock investments, particularly in the US), but it forces contract holders 
to forgo dividends, thus making interest rates and dividends the two 
primary differences affecting futures index arbitrage.
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 226 ===
224 Finding Alphas
How can such strategies prosper in an increasingly computerized and 
automated world? A practical example from investment bank trading 
desks in the past can be illuminating in this context. In the mid-2000s, 
some banks operated as follows:
 • The bank’s index arbitrage desk would calculate its own fair value 
using one or more of the following methods: top-down (by adjusting 
variables in the formula above based on macroeconomic forecasts), 
bottom-up (estimating and aggregating individual stock dividend 
forecasts), or option-implied information. The bottom-up method 
typically was the most reliable for generating profits, but it was also 
the most time consuming.
 • After calculating the fair value and other product-specific costs, desks 
could compare multiple index-based products for arbitrage opportu-
nities, in addition to the typical futures-versus-underlying-stocks 
arbitrage. These trades included arbitrage among futures, over- the- 
counter (OTC) index swaps, and index options.
 • Some bank trading desks had a funding advantage – a lower cost of 
capital – which implied that the fair value of an index future was 
lower for them than for other firms. This offered more opportuni-
ties to short futures because the actual futures prices often appeared 
“rich” (expensive) compared with their own fair values. On the other 
side of these trades, typically, were institutional accounts that often 
paid a slight premium for the cheap access to leverage and liquidity 
afforded by futures.
 • The desks would hedge their short futures exposure by simultane-
ously purchasing the underlying stocks. In effect, banks were sellers 
of balance sheet and institutional investors were buyers of it because 
of the banks’ funding and balance sheet advantages.
Such a strategy at this stage might earn a small (less than 1%) return 
annually because the funding advantages typically were only a few basis 
points. So some banks became more creative in their inventory usage:
 • Long positions from the acquired (and other bank) inventory could 
be converted into ETFs because many of the banks were ETF- 
authorized participants (APs), which allowed them to create and 
redeem ETF shares.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 227 ===
Finding an Index Alpha 225
 • For ETFs that were popular to short (and thus had higher than aver -
age borrowing costs), such as the Russell 2000 ETF (IWM), desks 
could now lend out their newly created ETFs and earn a higher stock- 
lending rate (sometimes 1% or more annually for certain highly 
sought- after funds).
 • In other cases, inventory could be combined with options positions to 
create options reversals and conversions, which had their own OTC 
market and allowed inventory holders to provide liquidity in hard- to- 
borrow names to counterparties such as M&A arbitrageurs.
 • Last, any remaining stock positions were examined for alpha- 
generating events such as tender offers or index changes. Stock risk 
could then be taken opportunistically in single names around those 
event dates.
In some cases, multiple overlays to a seemingly simple index arbi-
trage strategy could increase the overall returns of an index arbitrage 
desk from less than 1% to 5% or more.
How easy would this implementation be for buy-side firms? The 
answer depends partly on the size and pricing power of firms to lower 
trading and borrowing costs as much as possible to mimic the invest-
ment bank setup. Typically, only the largest hedge fund firms or active 
managers with related broker-dealer entities had the potential ability to 
negotiate such advantageous deals.
Some segments of the overall index arbitrage strategy, however, such 
as predicting market impact for certain indices, can be implemented 
by active managers without necessarily requiring a large balance sheet.
MARKET IMPACT FROM INDEX CHANGES
Besides being a popular ETF to short, the IWM fund is reconstituted 
annually, causing some market impact on its constituents and former 
constituents compared with other sought-after ETFs. FTSE Russell’s 
published research has noted that the impact of buying newly added 
companies and selling deleted companies on the reconstitution date 
affected Russell 2000 index returns by an estimated 28 basis points 
(bps) a year for the period 2007–2015, although with large annual devi-
ations (Figure 28.1).
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 228 ===
226 Finding Alphas
This would imply that arbitrageurs could short the added names 
and buy the deleted ones on the effective date of the reconstitution to 
earn a positive return. Such reversion could be expected to occur if the 
affected stocks had dislocated from fundamental and peer values in the 
months before the reconstitution and pairs- and sector-based relative- 
value traders were now pushing the stocks back toward their previous 
valuations. These large dislocations combine to imply that the true cost 
of owning the Russell 2000 IWM ETF is much higher than its 20 bps 
expense ratio would suggest.
In contrast to the Russell 2000, large-cap and total-market-tracking 
products typically do not suffer as much of a rebalancing drag on their 
portfolios. The S&P 500, for example, tends not to see as much reversion 
in added stocks, perhaps owing to their higher liquidity or late purchases 
by closet trackers, who cannot predict S&P additions as easily. Mean-
while, the CRSP US. Total Market Index, which is tracked by Vanguard 
Group’s largest index funds, encompasses the entire US market, from 
large caps to microcaps, and accordingly does not trigger any trading 
0.00%
–0.05%
–0.10%
–0.15%
–0.20%
–0.25%
–0.30%
0.00%
–1.00%
–2.00%
–3.00%
–4.00%
–5.00%
–6.00%
Recon
Recon to Day 5Recon to D
ay 10
Recon to July EndRecon to Aug End
Avg Adds-Deletes Spread (%, LHS)
Avg Impact to Index Returns (%, RHS)
Figure 28.1 Average negative impact on Russell 2000 index returns from 
rebalancing (2007–2015)
Source: London Stock Exchange Group plc and its group undertakings (collectively, 
the “LSE Group”). © LSE Group 2019. FTSE Russell is a trading name of certain of 
the LSE Group companies. “FTSE Russell®” is a trademark of the relevant LSE Group 
companies and is used by any other LSE Group company under license. All rights in 
the FTSE Russell indexes or data vest in the relevant LSE Group company which owns 
the index or the data. Neither LSE Group nor its licensors accept any liability for any 
errors or omissions in the indexes or data and no party may rely on any indexes or data 
contained in this communication. No further distribution of data from the LSE Group 
is permitted without the relevant LSE Group company’s express written consent. The 
LSE Group does not promote, sponsor, or endorse the content of this communication.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 229 ===
Finding an Index Alpha 227
requirements when cap-size migrations occur. (However, funds bench-
marked to the individual capitalization ranges would still need to trade 
and thus potentially would impact market prices for some illiquid stocks.)
OTHER INDEX ANOMALIES
Captive Capital-Raising by Newly Indexed Companies
Index changes can lead to other market anomalies. For example, when 
stocks are added to major blue-chip indices, such as the S&P 500, a few 
of the added companies occasionally engage in opportunistic capital- 
raising without the usual offering discount, as index funds are forced 
buyers of stock around that time. Real estate companies are the most 
notable offenders: more than a quarter of real estate investment trusts 
(REITs) added to the S&P 500 since 2005 have engaged in this behavior.
Deal pricings around S&P 500 REIT additions since 2008 show an 
average placing discount of only 17 bps to the previous close for these 
captive capital raises (and 26 bps for all added companies’ offerings), 
compared with an average discount of 2.8% for all other share offerings 
by stocks in the same index since 2008 (Figure 28.2).
Thus, syndicate desks can raise capital much more cheaply for the 
issuer than historical fundamentals would indicate. In essence, the par-
ticipating index fund becomes a captive buyer that is not being incentiv-
ized for the immediate share dilution and potential EPS dilution of the 
1.80%
S&P 500 REIT companies, 2008–2017 S&P 500 companies, 2008–2017
1.60%
1.40%
1.20%
1.00%
0.80%
0.60%
0.40%
0.20%
0.00%
0.17%
1.63%
REIT offerings
during S&P
inclusion week
All offerings
during S&P
inclusion week
All REIT offerings All S&P 500
offerings
3.00%
2.50%
2.00%
1.50%
1.00%
0.50%
0.00%
0.26%
2.82%
Figure 28.2 Average offering price discounts
Source: S&P® and S&P 500® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial 
Services LLC, and Dow Jones ® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark 
Holdings LLC. © 2019 S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC, its affiliates, and/or its licensors. 
All rights reserved. Used with permission of Bloomberg Finance L.P.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 230 ===
228 Finding Alphas
share offering. However, bypassing the offering might result in an even 
higher purchase cost on the upcoming rebalance date.
Event-driven traders constructing alphas around corporate events 
therefore should take note of the unique nature of these offerings. The 
combination of smaller pricing discounts, more placement to passive 
funds, and follow-on buying from the upcoming index additions could 
lead to unusual effects on alphas that might otherwise expect strong 
selling activity immediately after the offering.
Valuation Distortions in Index Versus Nonindex Stocks
The Russell 2000 also suffers from a persistent valuation distortion, per-
haps resulting from a premium placed on index versus nonindex stocks. 
Russell 2000 index members were valued at a premium to nonindex 
members across every sector as of September 2017 (Figure 28.3), and 
broadly every year since 2008, even though more than 30% of stocks in 
35
30
25
20
15
10
5
0
Communications
Cons disc
Cons staples
Energy
FinancialsHealth careIndustrialsMaterial
s
Technology
Utilities
R2 P/E Non R2 P/E Excess (de/f_icit) of index P/E over non-index P/E
Figure 28.3 Median trailing P/E of Russell 2000 small-cap sectors versus 
non-Russell stocks (September 2017)
Source: London Stock Exchange Group plc and its group undertakings (collectively, 
the “LSE Group”). © LSE Group 2019. FTSE Russell is a trading name of certain of 
the LSE Group companies. “FTSE Russell®” is a trademark of the relevant LSE Group 
companies and is used by any other LSE Group company under license. All rights in 
the FTSE Russell indexes or data vest in the relevant LSE Group company which owns 
the index or the data. Neither LSE Group nor its licensors accept any liability for any 
errors or omissions in the indexes or data and no party may rely on any indexes or data 
contained in this communication. No further distribution of data from the LSE Group 
is permitted without the relevant LSE Group company’s express written consent. The 
LSE Group does not promote, sponsor, or endorse the content of this communication.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 231 ===
Finding an Index Alpha 229
the index had negative earnings (compared with less than 5% in the S&P 
500). Communications stocks, for example, had a median trailing price–
earnings ratio (P/E) of 30 times in the Russell 2000, while non- Russell 
sector peers were priced at only 19 times trailing earnings. A similar but 
smaller disparity is seen in the other nine major sectors. One possible 
reason is that ETFs constitute a higher percentage of small caps’ average 
daily volume traded than they do of large caps’ – often more than double 
the percentage of volume, as of mid-2017.
Interestingly, in the US large-cap universe, the effect of index mem-
bership is reversed. S&P 500 members trade at a discount to nonmem-
ber peers, as measured by year-end median trailing P/E over the past 10 
years (Figure 28.4). This may be due not only to the lower proportion 
7
5
3
1
–1
–3
–5
–7
Excess (de/f_icit) median P/E
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
R2 median P/E excess (de/f_icit) vs non-R2 US SC
S&P 500 median P/E excess (de/f_icit) vs non S&P 500 LC
Figure 28.4 Year-end median P/E disparity between index and non-
index stocks
Sources: London Stock Exchange Group plc and its group undertakings (collectively, 
the “LSE Group”); © LSE Group 2019. FTSE Russell is a trading name of certain of 
the LSE Group companies. “FTSE Russell®” is a trademark of the relevant LSE Group 
companies and is used by any other LSE Group company under license. All rights in 
the FTSE Russell indexes or data vest in the relevant LSE Group company which owns 
the index or the data. Neither LSE Group nor its licensors accept any liability for any 
errors or omissions in the indexes or data and no party may rely on any indexes or data 
contained in this communication. No further distribution of data from the LSE Group is 
permitted without the relevant LSE Group company’s express written consent. The LSE 
Group does not promote, sponsor, or endorse the content of this communication. S&P® 
and S&P 500® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC, 
and Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. © 
2019 S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC, its affiliates, and/or its licensors. All rights reserved.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 232 ===
230 Finding Alphas
of ETF trading but also to the smaller eligible universe of available 
companies, as well as different factor exposures. Whereas Russell 2000 
candidates include rising microcaps as well as declining large caps, the 
S&P 500 index already is at the top of the market capitalization range 
and can only add either new large- or megacap IPOs or rising small- and 
midcap names that have outperformed recently, thus exposing the index 
to long momentum factor risk.
CONCLUSION
The rise of index products has created not only a new benefit for the 
average investor in the form of inexpensive portfolio management, 
but also new inefficiencies and arbitrage opportunities for many active 
managers. An extended period of low interest rates has allowed the pro-
liferation of cheaply financed strategies, while the rise of passive invest-
ing has created market microstructure distortions, in part as a result of 
rising ownership concentration.
Fortunately, new index constructions (and associated funds) also 
have proliferated in recent years, allowing investors to slice and dice 
passive portfolios in myriad ways that avoid several index drawbacks, 
including market impact and valuation distortions.
But with legacy index products continuing to reap liquidity and some 
market inefficiencies persisting, both passive products and the active 
ones that arbitrage them may prosper for a while longer, implying that 
perhaps the investment allocation debate is not simply a choice between 
active and passive but rather the creation of a combined model of active 
overlays to passive core portfolios to take advantage of the best aspects 
of both worlds.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 233 ===
29
ETFs and Alpha Research
By Mark YikChun Chan
Exchange-traded funds (ETFs) are investment funds that are traded on 
stock exchanges. Most of them track an index, such as a stock or bond 
index; the first such fund, SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY), was cre-
ated in 1993 to track the S&P 500 index. Since then, the ETF universe 
has expanded rapidly. Today the underlying assets held by ETFs span 
a broad spectrum that includes not only equities but also bonds, com-
modities, currencies, and more.
According to research firm ETFGI, as of the end of October 2018 
there were 5,785 ETFs and 7,616 exchange-traded products (ETPs) 
globally, with assets under management (AUM) of $4.78 trillion and 
$4.94 trillion, respectively (see Figure 29.1). Although the US market 
has dominated these vehicles – with 1,966 ETFs and 2,210 ETPs, and 
0
1,000
2,000
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017
Oc
t-2018
ETF assets
Assets (US $ bn)
# ETFs
# ETFs
3,000
4,000
5,000
6,000
0
1,000
2,000
3,000
4,000
5,000
6,000
7,000
Figure 29.1 Global ETF growth, 2008–2018
Source: ETFGI. ETFGI, based in London, is a leading independent research and con-
sultancy firm covering trends in the global ETF/ETP ecosystem.
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 234 ===
232 Finding Alphas
assets of $3.42 trillion and $3.50 trillion, respectively – the ETF mar -
kets in Europe, Asia, and Canada also have experienced steady growth. 
The huge rise in assets has come with proliferating liquidity, making the 
instruments more attractive to investors.
Undoubtedly, ETFs are an emerging asset class, but the more intrigu-
ing questions are, first, whether they can become a new source of 
alphas, and, second, how we can seize the opportunity to seek profits. 
This chapter will start with a review of the basics, highlighting some 
benefits and risks of trading these instruments. Next, it will shed light on 
some of the possibilities in the ETF space and examine some examples 
of alphas or market phenomena that have been suggested by other ana-
lysts in their publications. Last but not least, it will discuss some unique 
potential challenges in ETF alpha research.
MERITS OF INVESTING IN ETFS
ETFs are traded by different kinds of investors in the markets. Some 
investors are relatively long term, using the funds simply for index 
investing; others are more active traders, seeking alphas or profits over 
a shorter term. ETFs have demonstrated remarkable attractiveness to 
all, as evidenced by their growing popularity and increasing trading vol-
ume. Some of their chief advantages for investors are:
 • Exchange trading: Unlike mutual funds, which can be bought or 
sold only at the end of each trading day at their net asset value (NA V), 
ETFs experience price changes throughout the day and can be traded 
as long as the market is open. This allows active traders to implement 
intraday strategies or even exploit arbitrage opportunities. ETFs enjoy 
other stocklike features, such as short-selling, the use of limit orders 
and stop-loss orders, and buying on margin.
 • Low costs: In general, ETFs incur lower costs (expense ratio < 1%) 
compared with traditional mutual funds (1–3%), benefiting all inves-
tors. For instance, SPY’s expense ratio is 0.09%, and those of some 
others, such as Schwab US Broad Market ETF (SCHB), are as low as 
0.03%. One reason for such low expense ratios is that many ETFs are 
index funds that are not actively managed – hence they are relatively 
simple to run. Also, ETFs do not need to maintain a cash reserve for 
redemptions.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 235 ===
ETFs and Alpha Research 233
 • Tax efficiency: Taxable capital gains are created when a mutual fund 
or ETF sells securities that have appreciated in value. However, as 
most ETFs are passive index funds with very low turnover of the port-
folio securities (most trading happens only for index rebalancing), 
they are highly tax efficient. More notably, ETFs have a unique crea-
tion and redemption mechanism: only authorized participants (APs) 
– large, specialized financial institutions – can create or redeem ETF 
shares. When a holder wants to sell an ETF, he just sells it to other 
investors, like a stock. Even when an AP redeems shares of an ETF 
with the issuer, the issuer simply pays the AP “in kind” by delivering 
the underlying holdings of the ETF. In either case, there is no capital 
gains transaction for the ETF.
 • Transparency: The underlying holdings of each ETF are disclosed to 
the public daily. In contrast, mutual funds need to make such disclo-
sures on a quarterly basis only.
 • Market exposure and diversification: The wide range of avail-
able ETFs enables investors to easily achieve their desired market 
 exposures – for example, to the broad market, specific sectors, mar -
kets in foreign countries, bond indexes, commodities, and currencies. 
Such variety makes it possible for short-term alpha traders to do sta-
tistical arbitrage across instruments. At the same time, a broad-based 
index ETF itself can be considered a well-diversified investment for 
some longer-term investors.
RISKS BEHIND THESE INSTRUMENTS
Risk is always a big topic in investment, and it is hard to give an exhaus-
tive list of the risks behind the diverse ETF instruments. The following 
section will seek to shed light on some notable examples of the risks, as 
well as other interesting features that may complicate risk evaluation. 
These risks include:
 • Tracking errors: Sometimes ETF providers may not be able to fully 
replicate the performance of the underlying index, giving rise to 
tracking errors. (This term should not be confused with the premium 
discount, which is defined as the difference between an ETF’s mar -
ket price and its NA V .) Such errors often adversely affect long-term 
index tracking but may potentially give rise to alpha or even arbi-
trage opportunities for active traders. In general, liquid broad-market 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 236 ===
234 Finding Alphas
equity ETFs like SPY have few tracking errors because they hold a 
large number of underlying stocks, each of which is liquid. The track-
ing error issue tends to be more substantial for some futures-based 
ETFs (which can suffer from negative roll yields) and commodity 
ETFs, as well as their inverse and/or leveraged counterparts.
 • Inverse or leveraged ETFs: By using various derivatives and finan-
cial engineering techniques, some ETFs are constructed to achieve 
returns that are opposite and/or more sensitive to the price move-
ments of the underlying securities. The common types of these ETFs 
are leveraged (2x), triple leveraged (3x), inverse (−1), double inverse 
(−2x), and triple inverse (−3x). Under volatile market conditions, 
the rebalancing of these leveraged ETFs may incur significant costs. 
Also, these instruments are by nature more volatile than nonleveraged 
ETFs and therefore must be handled with care in a multi-instrument 
(long–short) portfolio.
 • Factor risk heterogeneity: ETFs of various asset classes innately 
take different types of exposure and hence have different factor risks. 
Equity ETFs generally have considerable market beta. Meanwhile, 
sector-, country-, or region-specific equity ETFs have risk exposure 
to their corresponding sectors, countries, or regions. Some ETFs 
designed for volatility trading are also usually classified as equity 
ETFs, but they have unique behaviors or characteristics because of 
their exposure to the CBOE V olatility Index (VIX) or, more precisely, 
the S&P 500 VIX Futures indices. Bond ETFs make up the second- 
largest group of ETFs in the US markets. They essentially hold a port-
folio of debt securities ranging from Treasury bonds to high-yield 
corporate bonds, thereby bearing the respective dollar duration or 
interest rate risks. Commodity ETFs and currency ETFs face corre-
sponding factor risks based on their underlying securities; those can 
be driven by numerous macro factors.
 • Capacity constraints: As the ETF industry is booming, with ever- 
greater AUM, the capacity of an ETF should not be overlooked. This 
issue is particularly noteworthy for popular equity ETFs targeting 
niche areas. In April 2017, VanEck Vectors Junior Gold Miners ETF 
(GDXJ), which focuses on small- and midcap companies in the gold 
and silver mining industries, attracted so much capital inflow that it 
ended up suspending creation orders (and later altering the composi-
tion of the underlying index) because the ownership in some of its 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 237 ===
ETFs and Alpha Research 235
underlying securities was reaching the 20% threshold, beyond which 
automatic takeover laws would be triggered. In other words, an ETF 
can grow too big for its index and, consequently, fail to hold the 
underlying securities according to its investment mandate, resulting 
in a suspension of share creation and/or significant tracking errors.
 • Separation from underlying markets: As mentioned above, an ETF 
can be bought or sold at its market price throughout the trading day. 
Many US-listed ETFs track foreign stock markets, but what would 
happen if the underlying markets closed? Chances are the ETFs could 
still trade on their own exchanges, not being directly affected. Such 
incidents happen not only when the underlying local markets have 
holidays but also occasionally because of trading halts, as experi-
enced by VanEck Vectors Egypt Index ETF (EGPT) in January 2011 
and iShares MSCI Brazil Capped ETF (EWZ) in May 2017. One 
could reasonably argue, however, that such ETFs became useful price 
discovery tools when the local markets were halted.
ALPHA OPPORTUNITIES
The huge number and wide variety of ETF instruments, together with 
the availability of different datasets, make it possible to find alphas and 
take statistical arbitrage in a manner similar to equities: coming up with 
an idea, designing a numerical alpha formula, assigning alpha values 
to the ETF instruments, and then performing neutralization across the 
market or certain instrument groups. In addition, with ETFs tracking 
the performance of specific sectors, countries, and regions – as well as 
bond indices and commodities – ETF alphas can achieve better utiliza-
tion of many macro indicators and data.
As with equities, the possible alpha ideas for ETFs span an array of 
categories. Among the most commonly discussed concepts are price 
momentum and seasonality. The following is a review of some exam-
ples from the literature.
1. US sector momentum strategy
Samuel Lee proposed this idea in a Morningstar ETFInvestor newsletter 
(2012). It starts by defining a universe of 10 sector ETFs (Table 29.1).
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 238 ===
236 Finding Alphas
Comparing the last close price of each ETF against its 12-month 
simple moving average (SMA), the momentum strategy considers only 
those funds that are trading above their SMAs. It then holds equal posi-
tions on as many as three ETFs with the best 12-month returns. If fewer 
than three ETFs meet the criterion, the missing positions are replaced 
with cash. A comparison between the historical PnLs of this strategy 
and those of holding S&P 500 is shown in Figure 29.2.
To capture the “alpha,” we can take an equal-sized short position on 
SPY , which will give us a long–short-balanced market-neutral (and dollar- 
neutral) alpha. The alpha’s backtested performance for the 10  years 
from 2004 through 2013 is shown in Figure 29.3.
Interestingly, the alpha performed best around the 2008 financial crisis 
because the sectors selected outperformed the broad market. Yet with-
out the market beta, the returns have become much less seductive – only 
Table 29.1 Sector ETFs
XLY Consumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR Fund
XLP Consumer Staples Select Sector SPDR Fund
XLE Energy Select Sector SPDR Fund
XLF Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund
XLV Health Care Select Sector SPDR Fund
XLI Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund
XLB Materials Select Sector SPDR Fund
XLK Technology Select Sector SPDR Fund
XLU Utilities Select Sector SPDR Fund
IJR iShares Core S&P Small-Cap ETF
1993
20K
30K
40K
60K
80K
130K
180K
1998 2003 2008 2013
Sector momentum S&P 500
Figure 29.2 US sector momentum strategy versus S&P 500
Source: Seeking Alpha.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 239 ===
ETFs and Alpha Research 237
about 2.92% per annum; at this stage, the Sharpe ratio of this alpha is only 
about 0.38. Enhancing the signal would require further research effort. 
As Lee noted, this simple strategy was not well diversified and therefore 
should be used only as part of a broader portfolio.
2. Seasonality
Seasonality is a well-known phenomenon in the global securities mar -
kets. In US equities, there is a “sell in May and go away” theory that 
has worked well over many years. In essence, it tells us that US stock 
markets historically have tended to underperform in the period from 
May to October relative to the period from November to April.
Some examples in the literature also illustrate such seasonal patterns 
in equities in other regions. In an article on the Seeking Alpha web-
site, Fred Piard (2016) suggested that the stock markets in Germany, 
Singapore, and Brazil were good examples of this phenomenon and 
that the corresponding country ETFs – namely, iShares MSCI Germany 
ETF (EWG), iShares MSCI Singapore ETF (EWS), and iShares MSCI 
Brazil ETF (EWZ) – could be used to take advantage of the seasonal 
tendencies.
To better explain the idea, we simulate and compare two long-only 
portfolios (see Figure 29.4):
0
500,000
−500,000
1,000,000
1,500,000
2,000,000
2,500,000
3,000,000
3,500,000
4,000,000US $
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013
Cumulative PnL
Figure 29.3 Simulation result of the sector momentum alpha from  
January 2004 to December 2013
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 240 ===
238 Finding Alphas
1. Long equities only, holding equal long positions in SPY , EWG, 
EWS, and EWZ all the time.
2. Equity and bond rotations, holding equal long positions in SPY , 
EWG, EWS, and EWZ from November to April and equal long 
positions in popular bond ETFs – say, iShares Barclays 20+ Year 
Treasury Bond ETF (TLT) and iShares iBoxx $ High Yield Corpo-
rate Bond ETF (HYG) – from May to October.
By staying away from equities from May to October, the equity- and- 
bond- rotation portfolio outperformed the long-equities-only portfolio. 
Most notably, the Sharpe ratio almost doubled, from 0.40 to 0.77, while 
the maximum drawdown was reduced by half.
Seasonal trends appear not only in equities but also in various com-
modities. Investopedia (Picardo 2018) describes the tendency of gold to 
gain in September and October, which can be captured by using gold 
ETFs. On his website, financial engineer Perry Kaufman (2016) has 
delineated several classic seasonality examples in agricultural products 
and their related ETFs.
Frankly, the seasonality phenomena discussed so far are more like 
market-timing tricks than practical hedged alpha ideas. Nonetheless, by 
studying such patterns one may come up with interesting technical or 
macro indicators, which, in turn, can be implemented as alphas to cap-
ture statistical arbitrage across some correlated instruments.
–5
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35US $ (millions)
Cumulative PnL
Long equities only Equity and bond rotations
201720162015201420132012201120102009200820072006
Figure 29.4 Simulation results of two long-only portfolios from  
January 2006 through June 2017
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 241 ===
ETFs and Alpha Research 239
CHALLENGES IN ETF ALPHA RESEARCH
From the diverse pool of ETF instruments, researchers can apply their 
quantitative techniques to different datasets and make use of their crea-
tivity to test ideas and seek more alphas. Yet the emerging opportunities 
in this space come with many new challenges.
Among other factors, the liquidity of the instruments should be of par-
ticular concern. In the US markets, the aggregate average daily trading 
volume (ADV) in dollar terms of all ETFs was about $93 billion as of 
November 2018, accounting for almost 30% of all trading on the exchanges. 
Nonetheless, the actual liquidity may not be as good as it sounds because 
of the highly skewed distribution of the ADV values. Taking a closer look, 
SPY alone represented about 25% of the aggregate trading volume of all 
US ETFs, and the top 10 liquid ETFs (including SPY) represented about 
50% of that. In other words, the actual tradable universe for a robust alpha 
is likely only a small subset of the thousands of ETFs in the markets.
After filtering based on liquidity, another tricky issue in defining an 
ETF universe is that many of the funds have highly similar counterparts. 
For instance, apart from SPY , ETFs like iShares Core S&P 500 ETF 
(IVV) and Vanguard S&P 500 ETF (VOO) also track the S&P 500. It 
does not make much sense for a daily or even an intraday (e.g. based 
on five-minute intervals) alpha to assign opposite values to these almost 
identical instruments because the room for arbitrage, if any, at such fre-
quencies is not likely to cover the transaction costs.
A further complication is the presence of many inverse or leveraged 
ETFs. Imagine an extreme scenario in which an alpha has a long position 
in SPY and a short position in ProShares Short S&P 500 (SH), which 
gives the opposite of the daily performance of the S&P 500. Though 
the alpha may be dollar-neutral (long–short balanced), it essentially is 
taking two long positions in the S&P 500 simultaneously, resulting in 
pure market beta exposure. As such, the “dollar-neutral” alpha may not 
be as hedged as it ought to be if such inverse or leveraged instruments 
are not handled properly.
Eventually, the actual universe for alpha research in ETFs may be 
much smaller when compared with that of equities, thereby increasing 
the ease of overfitting and the risk of finding “fake” alphas. Consistent 
exposure to certain risk factors may generate high Sharpe performance. 
One example would be a purely short VIX strategy, such as taking a 
short position in iPATH S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures ETN (VXX) 
since its inception, which could achieve a Sharpe ratio of about 1.1 (see 
Figure 29.5).
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 242 ===
240 Finding Alphas
Exchange-traded funds have undergone rapid development over the 
past several years, with more-novel ETFs entering the universe of trad-
able liquid products. These instruments may exist only in the later part 
of the backtested period and hence adversely affect the reliability of the 
simulated in-sample performance. This is not a unique issue for ETFs, 
but it is a substantial one in this drastically growing investment area.
CONCLUSION
The ETF is a rapidly developing investment vehicle whose rising popu-
larity has been driven by the array of advantages it offers investors. 
However, the risk profile of strategies and portfolios trading ETFs can 
be very different from that of other asset classes, especially pure equi-
ties. The wide range of ETF instruments makes finding alphas a chal-
lenging yet appealing task. With the myriad possibilities, one has to 
be creative in generating trading ideas, while being cautious at every 
step of the alpha research process. However, many successful portfo-
lio managers have shown strategies constructed with ETF alphas have 
the potential to generate PnLs with good Sharpe ratios and very low 
correlations with other strategies, and thus may add value to overall 
portfolios.
0
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
US $ (millions)
Cumulative PnL
Figure 29.5 Simulation result of the short VXX example from April 2009 
to September 2018
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 243 ===
30
Finding Alphas on Futures 
and Forwards
By Rohit Agarwal, Rebecca  
Lehman, and Richard Williams
Finding alphas in the futures and currency forwards markets is an area 
of great practical interest. It also presents many challenges, some analo-
gous to those in other markets, such as equities and exchange-traded 
funds, and some unique to these specific instruments. This chapter 
will discuss some of the techniques and ideas that have been useful in 
attacking these challenges over the past few years.
KEY MARKET FEATURES
Futures are designed to give the trader exposure to price changes in an 
underlying asset without the cost of holding the equivalent position in 
that asset. Tradable futures markets include futures on equity indices, 
commodities, currencies, and bonds. In the context of alpha research, 
short-dated forwards on currencies provide a similar form of access to 
relative currency value exposures. This makes futures and forwards par-
ticularly convenient instruments for both hedgers and speculators, and 
gives rise to their most significant features.
UNDERLYING FACTOR EXPOSURE
Because both futures and forwards give exposure equivalent to that of 
an underlying asset, it follows that the prices of the futures and forwards 
depend on the same factors that drive that asset. This simple observation 
has important implications. There are distinct groups of market traders 
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 244 ===
242 Finding Alphas
who focus exclusively on particular sets of futures and currencies; the 
hedgers seek to control their exposure to the risks of particular factors. 
Commodity futures provide a good example, as producers and consum-
ers of physical commodities use futures to hedge their risk on specific 
commodities. Each group of traders can have its own characteristic risk 
limits, tolerances, and trading behavior, which in turn can give rise to 
qualitatively different market behavior. For example, the farmers and 
food-producing corporations that use the agricultural markets to control 
their risks have little in common with the airlines that employ energy 
futures to hedge their future fuel costs. As a result, in contrast to the 
equities universe, where the core liquid assets are all traded by the same 
population of investors for the same purposes, many properties are 
much less comparable across the entire universe of futures or forwards.
In recognition of the differences among market participants, many 
market-making and proprietary trading organizations have specialists 
managing the trading of different classes of futures and currencies, with 
the classes based on sets of similar underlying assets. This further rein-
forces the differences among “sectors,” as different traders, desks, and 
business lines manage different futures and forwards. Because much of 
the correlation observed among assets in a common market is due to the  
common sentiment, behavioral biases, and practical constraints of  
the individuals and teams trading them, the correlations in the futures 
and forwards markets are generally much weaker than in the equities 
markets. It is interesting to note, however, that seemingly different asset 
classes become more correlated during periods of financial crisis.
CONSEQUENCES OF INSTRUMENT GROUPING
These instrument groups present both opportunities and challenges in 
seeking alphas. One of the most obvious challenges is that as we con-
sider smaller groups of more closely connected instruments, we have 
fewer instruments that we can trade together in one alpha. All else 
being equal, the expected Sharpe ratio of an alpha is proportional to 
the square root of the breadth of the universe. The futures universe as 
a whole already contains many fewer instruments than the equity uni-
verse; when we segment the futures universe into relevant subsets, the 
universe for many alphas is even smaller – often between one and a few 
dozen instruments. Therefore, futures alphas require greater depth of 
information per instrument to achieve the same aggregate results than 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 245 ===
Finding Alphas on Futures and Forwards 243
alphas on a larger instrument set. As the quality of the per-instrument 
alpha increases, it becomes more obvious to other market participants 
and its expected lifetime is reduced. Conversely, as we identify sets of 
more-similar instruments, we have higher expectations that any particu-
lar alpha should be present across the whole set. The cross- validation 
test of deleting each instrument in turn and retesting the identified rela-
tionship becomes more meaningful. Finding the right-size group on 
which to test our alpha candidates is therefore a key building block of 
alpha research.
Though generating alphas in these small and heterogeneous uni-
verses is definitely more difficult, the reward is the far greater liquidity 
in these markets. Robust alphas on liquid futures can be traded at large 
sizes without incurring the costs and regulatory risks of market impact.
BASIC CHECKLIST FOR ALPHA TESTING
Starting from a core alpha idea, the first step is to identify the sectors 
where we expect it to appear and the timescales on which we expect 
it to manifest. As an example, consider the US energy market and an 
alpha based on the forecast of extreme weather in a major offshore US 
oil and gas field. Before we even look at the data, we can identify the 
instruments we expect will be relevant (oil, gas, and their products) 
and the timescale on which we expect the data to have an impact – in 
this case, the duration of a typical storm and the time it takes to stop 
and restart production. (There will be a range of views on both of these 
horizons, but we can still use the implied causal relationship between 
the extreme weather and the commodity supply to narrow the range 
of candidates.) We can now test our idea by gathering data on histori-
cal weather forecasts and price changes for the major energy contracts, 
and testing for association between the two datasets, using a partial in- 
sample historical dataset.
The next step is to fit a simple statistical model and test it for robust-
ness, while varying the parameters in the fit. One good robustness test 
is to include a similar asset for comparison, where we expect the effect 
to be weaker. In the case of our weather alpha example, Brent crude oil 
would be a reasonable choice. Crude oil is a global market, so we would 
expect some spillover from a US supply disruption. However, oil deliv-
ered in Europe is not a perfect substitute for the US supply, so we would 
expect a diluted impact. Again, we can test this on in- sample data.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 246 ===
244 Finding Alphas
Having investigated the cases where we would expect the alpha to 
work, we can now test the converse: where do we expect there to be no 
relationship? In the case of our example, the core idea is quite closely 
targeted to one sector, so we would expect to detect no relationship if 
we retested it on other sectors, such as industrial metals or bond futures. 
This step is surprisingly good at finding incorrectly coded or specified 
statistical tests.
Depending on the results of our tests, we could now be in a position 
to test our idea on our out-of-sample dataset. With such a small set of 
instruments, the out-of-sample test becomes a crucial part of the pro-
cess, helping to avoid unintentional overfitting.
The following phenomena and information sources are some of the 
most interesting and useful sources of alpha for futures traders.
Follow the (Smart) Money
The Commitments of Traders (COT) report (Figure  30.1) is released 
every Friday by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). 
It can be extremely valuable to know what the “smart money” is betting 
on and then follow it. The report gives a breakdown of the open interest by 
different market participants, such as commercial traders (big businesses 
and producers), noncommercial traders (large speculators), and nonre-
portable traders (small speculators). More information on this report can 
be found at http://www.cftc.gov/marketreports/commitmentsoftraders/ 
index.htm.
The value of the COT report is based on the premise that the trades 
of commercial traders tend to reflect their hedging needs, which may be 
Figure 30.1 COT report on wheat as of November 13, 2018
Source: US Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 247 ===
Finding Alphas on Futures and Forwards 245
uncorrelated or even negatively correlated with their views on the value 
of the assets, while speculators’ trades express their views of the market. 
If speculators have access to relevant information, their trades may be 
predictive. When speculators exhibit trend-following and bandwagon 
effects, their trades may even be self-fulfilling. Consider the alpha idea 
to go long instruments with increasing open interest by speculators and 
short instruments with decreasing speculator open interest. This idea 
can be expected to work on assets in markets where speculators account 
for a significant proportion of the activity. It makes sense to compare 
speculator flow cross-sectionally across small groups of instruments  
– such as grain, energy, European currencies, or North American equity 
indices – that tend to be traded by the same speculators. The relevant 
time horizons for each asset group should be the most common time 
horizons for speculators in that group. This alpha should not work on 
groups of unrelated assets or assets with low speculator coverage. It 
also can be expected to fail if something unanticipated catches specula-
tors by surprise; it may make sense to hedge or exit this alpha when a 
surprise is likely to happen – say, when a Federal Reserve meeting (for 
financial futures) or a crop report release (for agricultural futures) is 
scheduled.
Seasonality in Markets
Seasonality is the tendency of markets to move in a given direction 
at certain times of the year. It is particularly prominent in the agricul-
tural and energy commodity markets because of harvest patterns and 
heating and cooling cycles. But it is not restricted to agricultural and 
energy commodities; cyclical patterns in demand, consumption, inven-
tory, or supply can give rise to similar behavior in other markets. A sim-
ple alpha can use the previous years’ behavior to predict the current 
period. This alpha can be expected to work best on commodity futures 
and currencies, such as the Australian dollar (AUD), that are closely 
linked to commodities. It should also have some significance in equity 
markets that are driven by short-term consumer sentiment. It should be 
weakest on bonds and noncommodity currencies. The most likely time 
horizon is 1–3 months – short enough to pick up on the differences 
among seasons but long enough to average out the daily noise. Seasonal 
patterns can be expected to fail in the event of unusual shocks to supply 
or demand (such as unseasonable weather or a hurricane in the Gulf of 
Mexico for energy alphas) or to short-term sentiment (such as news).
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 248 ===
246 Finding Alphas
Figure 30.2 shows the seasonality in natural gas reserves. When win-
ter approaches, the demand for natural gas increases as inventory is 
reduced because of its use in home heating.
Risk-On and Risk-Off
There are times when market sentiment is generally positive and inves-
tors are optimistic and willing to take more risk to get better returns. 
Such an environment is called a risk-on market because market par -
ticipants are seeking to take on more risk. On the other hand, there are 
times when investors are pessimistic and trying to cut risk by selling 
their positions in risky assets and moving money to cash positions or 
low-risk safe havens, like US Treasury bonds. These are called risk-off 
times (Figure 30.3).
This investor behavior – to flock to assets perceived as risky during 
risk-on times and to assets perceived as risk-free during risk-off times – 
increases the correlation among different asset classes.
To construct a risk-on/risk-off alpha, we must identify whether the 
market is in a risk-on or risk-off regime on a daily, weekly, monthly, and 
quarterly basis; categorize different assets as risk-on or risk-off assets 
(either absolutely or relative to other assets in the group); and assign 
them positions based on the current market state.
5-year maximum–minimum range
Oct-17
Lower 48
5-year average
Oct-16 Jan-17 Apr-17 Jul-17 Jan-18 Apr-18J ul-18 Oct-18
billion cubic feet
4,400
4,000
3,600
3,200
2,800
2,400
2,000
1,600
1,200
800
400
0
Figure 30.2  Working gas in underground storage compared with the five- 
year maximum and minimum (as of November 2018)
Source: US Energy Information Administration.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 249 ===
Finding Alphas on Futures and Forwards 247
One popular indicator of market risk perception is the VIX, a volatil-
ity index constructed from the implied volatility of S&P 500 options. 
Traditionally, the correlation between price and volatility is negative for 
equities, which generally are a risk-on asset. Therefore, high or increas-
ing VIX levels are associated with money moving out of equity markets 
into safer assets, indicating the arrival of a risk-off regime. The VIX 
itself is a tradable futures instrument that is used by many to benefit 
from falling markets. Other indicators include the yield curve (higher 
and steeper is risk-on; lower and flatter or inverted is risk-off); sector 
flows among risk-on sectors such as consumer discretionary and risk- 
off sectors such as utilities, or among emerging (risk-on) and devel-
oped (risk-off) markets; carry currency pairs, such as AUD/JPY; and 
the covariance structure of the market (the top eigenvector is usually 
risk-off).
Risk-on/risk-off alphas can be traded on the VIX and on broad cross- 
sectional markets because they are based on broad market correlations. 
They work better on longer time horizons of weeks to months.
Carry and Contango/Backwardation
When near-month futures are cheaper than those at further expiries, the 
price curve slopes upward and the contract is said to be in contango 
(Figure 30.4). This is generally the case for commodities and can be 
attributed to the storage cost, or cost of carry.
However, in some cases the near-month futures are more expensive 
than far-month futures, which creates a downward-sloping curve, and 
1
1.2
0.8
0.6
0.4
0.2
0.0
2006/05/24 2007/10/12 2009/03/05 2010/07/26 2011/12/12
AUD/USD
Risk ON Risk ONRisk OFF Ranging Market
Figure 30.3 Risk-on/risk-off regimes on the AUD/USD price curve
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 250 ===
248 Finding Alphas
the contract is said to be in backwardation. Financial futures tend to be 
in backwardation because the underlying assets pay premiums or cou-
pons and do not impose storage costs.
Some traders make money by selling contracts in contango and buy-
ing contracts in backwardation, which is known as a carry trade. The 
profit comes from two sources: the returns of the individual contracts as 
they approach expiration and the roll yield realized when the portfolio 
rolls from one contract to the next. This contango and backwardation 
alpha can be expected to work on commodities, equities, bonds, and 
currency pairs where at least one side has a significant nonzero interest 
rate. It does not work when the curves are all flat. The classic G-10 cur-
rency carry trade stopped working in the aftermath of the 2008–2009 
global financial crisis, when many central banks lowered their lending 
rates to zero. Carry trades tend to make slow and steady profits when 
they are working, but they are vulnerable to sudden risk-off crashes. 
For financial assets (equities, bonds, currencies, rates), the yield is sup-
posed to be a return on risk. When the market enters a risk-off phase, 
investors pull out of the high-yield assets that they consider too risky.
CONCLUSION
The grouping of instruments into sectors based on the underlying asset 
is an important aspect of futures and currency alpha research, as the 
behaviors of distinct groups of market actors within each sector and 
1,950
2,000
2,050
2,100
2,200
2,250
2,300
2012/06/07
2012/06/01
2,150
Figure 30.4 Cocoa distribution in contango
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 251 ===
Finding Alphas on Futures and Forwards 249
the common participants across all sectors give rise to the correlations 
among these instruments. Futures and currency traders are a relatively 
small group who follow particular assets and metrics, and respond 
in predictable and often self-fulfilling ways to common knowledge. 
Understanding the key ideas that drive human traders can be a fruitful 
source of alpha research ideas. If you take a moment to consider how 
the factor exposure of each sector should respond to the idea you are 
exploring, you may find a useful place to start testing your ideas.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 252 ===
PART IV
New Horizon – WebSim
 
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 253 ===
31
Introduction to WebSim
By Jeffrey Scott
INTRODUCTION
Having read all of the ideas presented in previous chapters, you may 
ask, “How can I test my own ideas?” The answer is simple: WebSim.
WebSim is WorldQuant’s web-based market simulation platform, 
which is publicly accessible and can be used to test ideas with past 
market data. This chapter will focus on:
 • Wh
y WebSim was developed
 • Ho
w WebSim is used globally
 • Who 
uses WebSim
 • Where alpha ideas come from
 • Sample data types
 • Creating an alpha
 • Managing simulation settings
 • Analyzing results
 • An alpha e
xample
WHY WEBSIM WAS DEVELOPED
WebSim was designed as a tool to allow individuals to create and test 
alphas. WebSim is also used to qualify potential research consultants 
who work remotely as part of WorldQuant’s Virtual Research Center.
As a market simulation platform with a built-in knowledge base and 
educational component, WebSim allows individuals to learn the art 
and science of creating alphas, to test their ideas, and to get quantita-
tive feedback on their performance, both against the market and com-
pared with their quantitative peers. It is the foundational platform for 
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 254 ===
254 Finding Alphas
competitions such as the WorldQuant Challenge and the International 
Quant Championship, where top performers have received various 
opportunities, including becoming paid research consultants.
HOW WEBSIM IS USED GLOBALLY
Though its initial focus was to qualify research consultants and provide 
a framework for them to develop alphas, WebSim has evolved over the 
years and is currently used in several capacities:
 • Traditional and nontraditional educational environments: These 
include both universities and massive open online courses (MOOCs) 
that choose to use WebSim in curricula related to quantitative finance 
and similar topics.
 • Self-education: Many individuals around the world access WebSim 
for the sole purpose of self-paced learning, taking advantage of the 
educational component of the platform, which includes educational 
videos, tutorials, and access to research papers.
 • Competitions: Global universities have used WebSim as a platform 
for conducting competitions within a specific class or department, 
or on a larger scale: the scoring features within WebSim are used to 
quantify top performers.
WHO USES WEBSIM
WebSim users are incredibly diverse and come from all over the world. 
While many WebSim users are university students, they have vary-
ing backgrounds and include executives, video gamers, professors, 
 dentists – even farmers. Their common attributes tend to be a high 
level of mathematical knowledge and a desire to learn more about 
financial markets.
WHERE ALPHA IDEAS COME FROM
As a simulation platform, WebSim takes user input and performs back-
testing to determine the overall quality of an idea. The challenge for 
many users is how to find ideas in the first place. Although there is no 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 255 ===
Introduction to WebSim 255
simple answer to this question, there are many resources that can help 
generate ideas for alphas. Research papers, finance journals, blogs, and 
technical indicators all can be useful starting points. Helpful papers can 
often be found on websites such as SSRN, Seeking Alpha, and Wilmott.
Technical indicators can be used to analyze short-term price move-
ments. They are derived from generic price activity in a stock or other 
asset and seek to predict the future price levels or general price direction 
of a security by looking at past patterns.
Examples of common technical indicators are the relative strength 
index, the money flow index, moving average convergence/divergence 
(MACD), and Bollinger Bands. Descriptions of some of these indica-
tors, along with formulae and corresponding interpretations, can be 
found on websites such as StockCharts and Incredible Charts.
SAMPLE DATA TYPES
The use of new and alternate datasets on the WebSim platform contin-
ues to increase, and the set of available data is expected to keep growing 
over time. Below, you will find a nonexhaustive list of some sample 
data types:
 • Price–volume data (information about the performance of specific 
stocks, including open/close price, high/low price, and daily vol-
ume traded).
 • Fundamental data (details about a company’s financial performance 
as reflected in its quarterly earnings release or financial statements, 
such as sales, expenses, Ebitda, and debt).
 • News data.
 • Sentiment data, including social media.
 • Relationship data, including companies that are competitors or 
customers.
CREATING AN ALPHA
As defined throughout this book, alphas are mathematical models that 
seek to predict price movements in global financial markets.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 256 ===
256 Finding Alphas
In WebSim, an alpha is typically made up of three elements:
 • Data
 • Mathematical operators
 • Constants
The WebSim platform allows the use of simple mathematical expres-
sions as the primary form of input. For example, consider the fol-
lowing alpha:
delta (close, 5)
This simple expression assigns to each stock a positive or negative 
position equal to the difference between the daily close price of the 
stock and the close price from five days earlier.
In WebSim, the alpha value for each instrument is interpreted as a 
positive or negative relative weight in the simulated portfolio. Stocks 
with positive weights are assigned long positions, and those with nega-
tive weights are assigned short positions. Later in this chapter, we will 
discuss the universe, which specifies the set of equities to be assigned 
positions in a specific alpha.
Alphas can be very simple, as in the example above, or more com-
plex. Users have access to various libraries that can assist them in the 
alpha creation process.
MANAGING SIMULATION SETTINGS
Before creating an alpha, the user should consider several settings that 
will affect the simulation results. A sample of these settings can be seen 
in Figure 31.1, followed by a brief description of each.
The first parameter to consider is the region used in the simulation. 
This could be US, European, or Asian markets. Only stocks from the 
selected region will be included in the simulation.
After selecting the region, the user should select the universe of 
stocks within that region. This could be the top 200 stocks, the top 
1,000 – up to the top 3,000; the number reflects the top most-liquid 
stocks in the chosen region (determined by the highest average daily 
dollar volume traded).
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 257 ===
Introduction to WebSim 257
The delay setting refers to the availability of data and indicates 
whether today’s prices or yesterday’s prices are used in the analysis. 
Delay-0 uses today’s price and Delay-1 uses yesterday’s price.
Another important parameter is called decay. This performs a linear 
decay function of a specified number of days by applying a weighted 
linear combination of today’s alpha value with previous days’ values. 
This provides a smoothing effect and can be useful in lowering the turn-
over of an alpha. (Turnover will be discussed later.)
The max stock weight caps the weight assigned to any individual 
stock in the simulation. This is recommended to be between 0.05 and 
0.1, indicating a maximum of 5–10% weight for any given stock in the 
selected universe. This helps guard against unnecessary exposure to any 
specific stock. Higher values of max stock weight allow the alpha to 
assign more weight to its strongest predictions, potentially increasing 
the return at the expense of greater idiosyncratic risk. Lower values 
flatten the alpha, controlling the individual stock risk. The max stock 
weight may be larger for smaller universes, where there are fewer stocks 
to which to assign weights.
Neutralization allows a user to group stocks and neutralize (demean) 
based on industry, market, or subindustry, ensuring that the overall port-
folio is market neutral, without directional exposure.
Lookback days sets the number of prior days’ data to analyze when 
running the alpha for each day. While this parameter does not affect the 
values the alpha generates, a lower value can speed up the simulation by 
Figure 31.1 WebSim settings
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 258 ===
258 Finding Alphas
limiting the amount of data used in each iteration. A higher value allows 
the alpha to use older historical data; this is useful for fundamental data-
sets that tend to be updated quarterly or annually.
ANALYZING RESULTS
Once the parameters are established and the alpha expression is entered, 
WebSim performs a backtest of the idea using historical data. Typically, 
the simulator will use a fictitious $20 million book, redistributing the 
capital on a daily basis to long and short positions across the selected 
universe of stocks corresponding to the positive and negative values of 
the alpha function after applying neutralization and decay.
Simulated trading takes place on a daily basis, and WebSim produces 
the results of the simulation in both graphical and numeric display.
The first result a user will see is a graph showing the PnL (profit and 
loss) of the simulated trading results. The graph in Figure 31.2 is an 
example of a good alpha.
3,000k
2,500k
2,000k
1,500k
1,000k
500k
0
–500k
2018–012017–072017–012016–072016–012015–072015–012014–072014–01
Sample only
2013–07
PNL
Sharpe ratio
Figure 31.2 PnL graph for sample WebSim alpha1
1 Alpha = rank (sales/assets).
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 259 ===
Table 31.1 Performance metrics for sample WebSim alpha in Figure 31.2
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 260 ===
260 Finding Alphas
In addition, numerous metrics are displayed, giving the user an 
opportunity to evaluate the aggregate performance of the alpha, as 
shown in Table 31.1.
These performance metrics reflect the distribution of capital across 
the stocks and the alpha’s performance, including the annual and aggre-
gate PnL, Sharpe ratio, turnover, and other parameters.
The first thing to consider is whether the alpha is profitable. Were the 
PnL and returns adequate?
The Sharpe ratio is a measure of the risk-adjusted returns (returns/
volatility). It can be treated as a proxy for the predictive ability of 
a model. The higher the Sharpe ratio, the more reliable the alpha 
tends to be.
Turnover is a measure of the volume of trading required to reach 
the alpha’s desired positions over the simulation period. Each trade in 
or out of a position carries transaction costs (fees and spread costs). If 
the turnover number is high – for example, over 40% – the transaction 
costs may eradicate some or all of the PnL that the alpha generated dur-
ing simulation.
The other performance metrics and their uses in evaluating alpha 
performance are discussed in more detail in the WebSim user guides 
and in videos in the educational section of the website.
In addition to the aggregate performance metrics, WebSim data visu-
alization charts and graphs help to confirm that an alpha has an accept-
able distribution of positions and returns across equities grouped by 
capitalization, industry, or sector.
If established thresholds are met, alphas can be processed in out- 
of- sample testing using more-current data to confirm the validity 
of the idea.
AN ALPHA EXAMPLE
As explained earlier, many websites provide publicly accessible research 
papers that can be used to develop alphas. Alpha ideas can come from 
many sources and can be constructed by using different approaches. An 
alpha may focus on a specific financial ratio, as in the following exam-
ple, or it may attempt to implement a classic trading strategy, such as 
momentum or reversion.
For a specific example, consider the concept of the debt-to-equity 
ratio from fundamental analysis. The idea is that if a company has 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 261 ===
Introduction to WebSim 261
a high and growing debt-to-equity ratio, it is at risk, so you would want 
to short the stock; conversely, if the debt-to-equity ratio is low, the stock 
has good value, so you would want a long position. Using this hypoth-
esis, an alpha may be developed that uses the debt-to-equity ratio to 
select stocks to long and short, as illustrated below:
Ts_rank(-debt/equity, 240)
In this example, a time-series rank operator is applied to the debt- to- 
equity ratio over a period of 240 days. Through the simulation period, 
WebSim would determine which stocks to go long on and which to 
short based on their most recent balance sheets, using the selected uni-
verse. Simulated trading would take place using the entered parameters, 
and WebSim would produce the results.
CONCLUSION
WebSim is a financial market simulation platform that users can use 
to implement and test their ideas using simple expressions. WebSim is 
accessible on a global basis and is used professionally by contracted 
research consultants and also as an educational tool, both individually 
and through education providers. WebSim takes user input and per -
forms simulated trading using historical data, according to the param-
eters entered by the user. As a self-contained platform, WebSim stores 
historical data for the simulation, along with numerous predefined 
mathematical operators that can be used for alpha generation.
As a publicly available platform, WebSim can be accessed at 
www. WorldQuantVRC.com.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 262 ===
PART V
A Final Word
 
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 263 ===
32
The Seven Habits of Highly 
Successful Quants
By Richard Hu and Chalee Asavathiratham
A quant is sometimes referred to as the “rocket scientist of Wall Street,” 
a phrase that conjures up an image of someone who is smart, well edu-
cated, and very highly paid. In a typical buy-side quantitative invest-
ment firm, the work environment is collegial and professional, and it 
offers plenty of opportunities to gain new knowledge. Therefore, it’s 
not hard to understand why many top engineering and science graduates 
from the best universities in the world want to become quants.
But what does it take to become a successful quant? We have 
encountered this seemingly simple query countless times, and it took 
us more than a decade of managing hundreds of quants to be able to 
answer it. Yes, successful quants are highly intelligent; they are usually 
top graduates of quantitative disciplines like mathematics, engineering, 
and computer science. Yet we have noticed some additional traits that 
characterize the most successful quants. To confirm our observations, 
we ran a survey among the top quants in our firm and synthesized the 
results. In a nod to Stephen Covey’s The 7 Habits of Highly Effective 
People, here are the seven habits of successful quants.
1. WORK HARD WITHOUT EVEN REALIZING IT
Highly successful quants are willing to put in the extra effort necessary 
to maximize their potential. If failure is the mother of success, extra 
effort is the father.
We once hired an extremely smart young man from a top-tier univer-
sity. During the interviews, he was able to solve our difficult analytical 
questions at such a fast speed that we suspected he had already seen the 
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 264 ===
266 Finding Alphas
questions. Because he did so well in all of our interviews, we decided 
to make up a brand-new set of very tough questions for him; again, 
he aced them at lightning speed. We were pleased that we had found 
such a gem. After he came on board, however, we discovered he had a 
serious flaw: he did not work hard. He would party in the evening and 
stay out late, then wake up late and run into the office at 10 a.m., when 
others would already have been working for two hours. We talked to 
him about this. He would shape up for a while, but shortly thereafter 
he would return to his old ways and fall behind like a sleeping hare. He 
never became the best.
Then we have hired people who were smart but not necessarily the 
smartest, but they were among the first employees to come into the 
office in the morning and among the last to leave – day after day, month 
after month, and year after year. Such people would slowly yet stead-
ily get ahead of the others, eventually reaching the level of our top 
performers.
The most amazing observation is that these top performers usually 
don’t even feel as though they’re working hard; they’re just having fun 
doing it. When asked about their work, they simply smile and say some-
thing like:
“This is the best job anyone could ever have. ”
“I can’t believe I’m getting paid to do this. ”
“This feels more like a game to me than work. ”
They enjoy working with mathematics, code, data, and finance – the 
four key components of a quant job. They enjoy discovering new sig-
nals first, before anyone else in the market. They love the job and enjoy 
every minute.
2.  SET AMBITIOUS LONG-TERM TARGETS BUT ATTAINABLE 
WEEKLY GOALS
A successful researcher always works with two kinds of goals: one 
long-term target and one set of short-term steps. The long-term targets 
can be lofty goals and should be well-defined, tangible achievements 
– for example, reaching a certain level of PnL, becoming an expert on 
a particular asset class, or becoming a manager of quants. Short-term 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 265 ===
The Seven Habits of Highly Successful Quants 267
goals are usually more task-specific, such as writing a certain tool, 
script, or piece of analysis – generally, tasks that take no more than a 
day to accomplish.
One of our very successful researchers describes his routine 
as follows:
“Every Monday, I start off the week by writing down a plan of what I 
want to achieve that week. Then, at the end of the week, I revisit that list 
point by point and add what has actually been accomplished. To make it 
matter, I write this weekly plan as if I need to send it to our CEO. ”
Quants who have high long-term targets but who can also set and 
pursue short-term goals will be able to maintain a balanced perspective 
and eventually succeed.
3. PRIORITIZE BASED ON RISK AND REWARD
Quantitative researchers are like investors whose investments are made 
using time rather than money. Given the variety of tasks facing a quant, 
how should he or she prioritize them? To answer this question, it can be 
helpful to evaluate the tasks based on their estimated risks and rewards.
DiversifyAvoid
Diversify
High
Low
Risk
First
priority
Low High
Reward
Figure 32.1 The risk–reward matrix
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 266 ===
268 Finding Alphas
For each task, the quant should assess its relative risk and reward, 
and place it into the risk–reward matrix shown in Figure 32.1. This will 
help the quant rank the actions to take:
 • Low-risk, high-reward tasks deserve to be the first priority.
 • High-risk, high-reward tasks should be paired with low-risk, low- 
reward tasks as a form of diversification.
 • High-risk, low-reward tasks should simply be avoided.
In addition, a quant should periodically update his or her view of the 
probable risks and rewards of each initiative, and always be alert for 
new opportunities to add to the matrix.
4. STAY CURIOUS
As a wise trader once remarked, “You are only as good as your last 
trade.” A successful quant should never be complacent but instead 
should always be eager to experiment with new ideas. Quants should 
never settle into their comfort zone, for a few reasons. First, all alphas 
have a finite and unpredictable shelf life; you can never tell when the 
predictive power of an alpha will drop off. Unless quants keep innovat-
ing, their alphas could eventually become obsolete. It’s best to keep 
diversifying a portfolio of alphas into new datasets, methods, projects, 
or asset classes.
Second, there is always a better way to do things. A successful quant 
is continually exploring new and different ideas beyond the path of 
least resistance. Top researchers are always learning; they join semi-
nars, read research journals, and participate in group discussions. They 
seek interesting books to read and share the most useful ones with 
their teammates. At any point in time, their to-do lists are filled with 
ideas to pursue, which they prioritize using the risk–reward analysis 
described above.
Successful quants are innately curious creatures. When they read 
news articles, they stop and wonder, “Can that be turned into an alpha?” 
When they hear about new projects, they are keen to learn how they can 
contribute. They constantly look for opportunities to exchange ideas 
with other quants, portfolio managers, and technologists. In short, suc-
cessful researchers think about alphas all the time.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 267 ===
The Seven Habits of Highly Successful Quants 269
5.  PERFORM VALUE-ADDED WORK – AND AUTOMATE, 
AUTOMATE, AUTOMATE
Successful researchers spend their time on the most-value-added 
streams of work. Ideally, most of a quant’s time should focus on truly 
innovative work, such as reading about new research, creating tools, 
and devising new quality tests. Any type of routine work should be 
automated. Quants generally require sufficient coding skills to imple-
ment time-saving scripts. For instance, a quant researcher’s work often 
entails a series of steps: data cleaning, data visualization, formulating, 
coding, simulating, parameter tuning, statistical analysis, and so on. 
Almost all of these steps can be automated, except perhaps the formula-
tion and coding of the core idea.
At WorldQuant, it used to take an average of three months to create 
a single alpha. Now, thanks to our extensive range of automation tools, 
our quants can produce an average of one new alpha per day from exist-
ing tools and methods, while devoting much of their human time to 
pursuing new research directions with higher risk–reward payoffs.
6. MAKE SENSIBLE CHANGES, AND BEWARE OF OVERFITTING
Overfitting is one of the most common mistakes of both rookie and 
veteran quants. Overfitting occurs when someone tries too hard to make 
a model perform well against historical data at the expense of its robust-
ness under unknown future conditions. There are a number of ways a 
quant can overfit. For instance, in an attempt to make a model perform 
well, a researcher might introduce additional parameters or keep “twist-
ing the knobs” to maximize historical performance. The risk of over -
fitting is higher when the model has fewer data points available, as is 
the case with lower-frequency data or asset classes that have relatively 
few instruments, such as currencies. Sometimes overfitting can creep 
up on a model without the researcher realizing it. One key differentiat-
ing characteristic between an experienced quant and a new quant is the 
ability to tell when a model has reached the “sweet spot” – the point at 
which it strikes the perfect balance between performance optimization 
and overfitting.
How do you avoid overfitting? Although there is no straightforward 
answer, successful quants tend to follow a few golden rules. First, 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 268 ===
270 Finding Alphas
always make sensible changes to your model; avoid simply fitting the 
model to the data. Before making a change to the model, always ask 
whether the change has an economic underpinning, a rationale, or any 
reasonable justification for expecting it to improve the model. Second, 
it is a good practice to leave out a portion of the data for out-of-sample 
testing. The appropriate amount of data to leave out depends on a vari-
ety of factors, such as the expected range of volatility, the number of 
underlying instruments, and the consistency of the performance. This is 
a delicate trade-off that a quant must balance carefully; although leav-
ing out too little data can lead to overfitting, leaving out too much can 
lead to underfitting the model.
Another good habit to gauge whether a proposed change makes sense 
is to come up with a suite of robustness tests. How does the model’s 
performance change when you adjust the parameters? Does the model 
perform equally on much of the universe, or is the profit concentrated 
in just a few instruments? How fast does the model decay over time? 
These and other, similar tests help the successful quant to detect and 
avoid overfitting.
7. FORM SYNERGISTIC TEAMS
It is rare to come across a highly successful quant who is not working 
as part of a tight-knit team. While most people understand the benefits 
of teamwork in general, it offers several specific advantages for quants. 
First, having a good team is great for idea incubation. The best ideas 
often do not spring instantly from somebody’s head; rather, they tend 
to start as a vague intuition in the mind of a team member. With good 
team dynamics, the idea can be described, debated, and built upon by 
the team until it crystallizes and becomes an actionable set of tasks that 
add value.
In addition, a good quant team helps distribute the workload. This 
can be especially effective when it comes to creating time-saving tools 
to automate the research process. Teamwork can also allow quant mem-
bers to diversify their research. Because each research project offers a 
different profile of risks and rewards, forming teams is an efficient way 
to optimize for the best output.
Last – and this is perhaps the least obvious reason – having a good 
team emboldens a quant to dream up big, ambitious projects. Quants 
who work alone will eventually be constrained by what they can do 
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 269 ===
The Seven Habits of Highly Successful Quants 271
within a reasonable amount of time. As a result, they are unlikely to 
commit to large, long-term projects, for fear of falling behind their 
peers before the project bears fruit.
These are just some of the most important common habits of suc-
cessful quants – but they need not be the only ways to prosper. Just 
remember the old saying: “Shoot for the moon. If you miss, you’ll land 
among the stars.”
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 270 ===
References
JOURNAL ARTICLES (PRINTED)
Abarbanell, J. and Bushee, B. (1997) “Fundamental Analysis, Future Earn-
ings and Stock Prices.” Journal of Accounting Research 35, no. 1: 1–24.
Amihud, Y . (2002) “Illiquidity and Stock Returns: Cross-Section and 
Time-Series Effects.” Journal of Financial Markets 5, no. 1: 31–56.
Amihud, Y . and Mendelson, H. (1986) “Asset Pricing and the Bid- Ask 
Spread.” Journal of Financial Economics 17: 223–249.
Bailey, D., Borwein, J., Lopez de Prado, M., and Zhu, Q. (2014a) 
“Pseudo-Mathematics and Financial Charlatanism: The Effects of 
Backtest Overfitting on Out-of-Sample Performance.” Notices of the 
American Mathematical Society 61, no. 5: 458–471.
Banz, R. (1981) “The Relationship Between Return and Market Value 
of Common Stocks.” Journal of Financial Economics 9, no. 1: 3–8.
Barberis, N., Shleifer, A., and Vishny, R. (1998) “A Model of Investor 
Sentiment.” Journal of Financial Economics 49, no. 3: 307–343.
Barroso, P. and Santa-Clara, P. (2015) “Momentum Has Its Moments.” 
Journal of Financial Economics 116, no. 1: 111–120.
Bartov, E. and Mohanram, P. (2004) “Private Information, Earnings 
Manipulations, and Executive Stock-Option Exercises.” Accounting 
Review 79, no. 4: 889–920.
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 271 ===
274 References
Basu, S. (1983) “The Relationship Between Earnings’ Yield, Market 
Value and Return for NYSE Common Stocks: Further Evidence.” Jour-
nal of Financial Economics 12, no. 1: 129–156.
Bengio, Y . (2009) “Learning Deep Architectures for AI.” Foundations 
and Trends in Machine Learning 2, no. 1: 1–127.
Bertsimas, D., Lauprete, G., and Samarov, A. (2004) “Shortfall as a 
Risk Measure: Properties, Optimization and Applications.” Journal of 
Economic Dynamics and Control 28, no. 7: 1353–1381.
Black, F. (1975) “Fact and Fantasy in the Use of Options.” Financial 
Analysts Journal 31, no. 4: 36–72.
Bollen, J., Mao, H., and Zeng, X. (2011) “Twitter Mood Predicts the 
Stock Market.” Journal of Computational Science 2, no. 1: 1–8.
Bollen, N. and Whaley, R. (2004) “Does Net Buying Pressure Affect 
the Shape of Implied V olatility Functions?” Journal of Finance 59,  
no. 2: 711–753.
Breiman, L. (2001) “Random Forests.” Machine Learning 45,  
no. 1: 5–32.
Burges, C. (1998) “A Tutorial on Support Vector Machines for Pattern 
Recognition.” Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery 2, no. 2: 121–167.
Butterworth, S. (1930) “On the Theory of Filter Amplifiers.” Experi-
mental Wireless and Wireless Engineer 7: 17–20.
Chan, K., Hameed, A., and Tong, W. (2000) “Profitability of Momen-
tum Strategies in the International Equity Markets.” Journal of Finan-
cial and Quantitative Analysis 35, no. 2: 153–172.
Chan, L., Jegadeesh, N., and Lakonishok, J. (1996) “Momentum Strate-
gies.” Journal of Finance 51: 1681–1713.
Chan, L., Lakonishok, J., and Sougiannis, T. (2001) “The Stock Mar -
ket Valuation of Research and Development Expenditures.” Journal of 
Finance 56, no. 6: 1681.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 272 ===
References 275
Chang, S., Chang, L., and Wang, F. (2014) “A Dynamic Intraday Meas-
ure of the Probability of Informed Trading and Firm-Specific Return 
Variation.” Journal of Empirical Finance 29: 80–94.
Clare, A., Seaton, J., Smith, P., and Thomas, S. (2013) “Breaking into the 
Blackbox: Trend Following, Stop Losses and the Frequency of Trading – 
the case of the S&P 500.” Journal of Asset Management 14, no. 3: 182–194.
Cortes, C. and Vapnik, V . (1995) “Support-Vector Networks.” Machine 
Learning 20, no. 3: 273–297.
Corwin, S. and Schultz, P. (2012) “A Simple Way to Estimate Bid- Ask 
Spreads from Daily High and Low Prices.” Journal of Finance 67,  
no. 2: 719–760.
Cremers, M. and Weinbaum, D. (2010) “Deviations from Put-Call Par-
ity and Stock Return Predictability.” Journal of Financial and Quantita-
tive Analysis 45, no. 2: 335–367.
Daniel, K., Hirshleifer, H., and Subrahmanyam, A. (1998) “A Theory 
of Overconfidence, Self-Attribution, and Security Market Under- and 
Over-Reactions.” Journal of Finance 53: 1839–1885.
Daniel, K. and Titman, S. (1999) “Market Efficiency in an Irrational 
World.” Financial Analysts Journal 55, no. 6: 28–40.
Easley, D., Hvidkjaer, S., and O’Hara, M. (2002) “Is Information 
Risk a Determinant of Asset Returns?” Journal of Finance 57, no. 5: 
2185–2221.
Easley, D., Lopez de Prado, M., and O’Hara, M. (2011) “The Micro-
structure of the ‘Flash Crash’: Flow Toxicity, Liquidity Crashes, and the 
Probability of Informed Trading.” Journal of Portfolio Management 37, 
no. 2: 118–128.
Fama, E. and French, K. (1992) “The Cross-Section of Expected Stock 
Returns.” Journal of Finance 47, no. 2: 427–466.
Fama, E. and French, K. (1993) “Common Risk Factors in the Returns 
on Stocks and Bonds.” Journal of Financial Economics 33, no. 1: 3–56.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 273 ===
276 References
Fama, E. and French, K. (2015) “A Five-Factor Asset Pricing Model.” 
Journal of Financial Economics 116, no. 1: 1–22.
Ferguson, N., Philip, D., Lam, H., and Guo, J. (2015) “Media Con-
tent and Stock Returns: The Predictive Power of Press.” Multinational 
Finance Journal 19, no. 1: 1–31.
Francis, J., Schipper, K., and Vincent, L. (2002) “Earnings Announce-
ments and Competing Information.” Journal of Accounting and Eco-
nomics 33, no. 3: 313–342.
Frankel, R., Kothari. S., and Weber, J. (2006) “Determinants of the 
Informativeness of Analyst Research.” Journal of Accounting and Eco-
nomics 41, no. 1: 29–54.
Freund, Y . and Schapire, R. (1997) “A Decision-Theoretic Generaliza-
tion of On-Line Learning and an Application to Boosting.” Journal of 
Computer and System Sciences 55, no. 1: 119–139.
Freund, Y . and Schapire, R. (1999) “A Short Introduction to Boost-
ing.” Journal of Japanese Society for Artificial Intelligence 14,  
no. 5: 771–781.
Gârleanu, N. and Pedersen, L. (2016) “Dynamic Portfolio Choice with 
Frictions.” Journal of Economic Theory 165: 487–516.
Glosten, L. and Milgrom, P. (1985) “Bid, Ask and Transaction Prices in 
a Specialist Market with Heterogeneously Informed Traders.” Journal 
of Financial Economics 14, no. 1: 71–100.
Grundy, B. and Martin, J. (2001) “Understanding the Nature of the 
Risks and the Source of the Rewards to Momentum Investing.” Review 
of Financial Studies 14, no. 1: 29–78.
Hafez, P. and Xie, J. (2016) “News Beta: Factoring Sentiment Risk into 
Quant Models.” Journal of Investing 25, no. 3: 88–104.
Hastings, C., Mosteller, F., Tukey, J., and Winsor, C. (1947) “Low 
Moments for Small Samples: A Comparative Study of Order Statistics.” 
Annals of Mathematical Statistics 18, no. 3: 413–426.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 274 ===
References 277
Hinton, G. (2007) “Learning Multiple Layers of Representation.” 
Trends in Cognitive Sciences 11, no. 10: 428–434.
Hirshleifer, D. and Shumway, T. (2003) “Good Day Sunshine: Stock 
Returns and the Weather.” Journal of Finance 58, no. 3: 1009–1032.
Hong, H., Lim, T., and Stein, J. (2000) “Bad News Travels Slowly: 
Size, Analyst Coverage, and the Profitability of Momentum Strategies.” 
Journal of Finance 55, no. 1: 265–295.
Hong, H. and Stein, J. (1999) “A Unified Theory of Underreaction, 
Momentum Trading, and Overreaction in Asset Markets.” Journal of 
Finance 54, no. 6: 2143–2184.
Huber, P. (1964) “Robust Estimation of a Location Parameter.” Annals 
of Mathematical Statistics 35, no. 1: 73–101.
Hush, D. and Scovel, C. (2001) “On the VC Dimension of Bounded 
Margin Classifiers.” Machine Learning 45, no. 1: 33–44.
Jain, P. and Joh, G. (1988) “The Dependence Between Hourly Prices 
and Trading V olume.” Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis 
23, no. 3: 269–283.
Jegadeesh, N. and Titman, S. (1993) “Returns to Buying Winners and 
Selling Losers: Implications for Stock Market Efficiency.” Journal of 
Finance 48, no. 1: 65–91.
Jegadeesh, N. and Titman, S. (2001) “Profitability of Momentum Strat-
egies: An Evaluation of Alternative Explanations.” Journal of Finance 
56, no. 2: 699–720.
Jegadeesh, N. and Titman, S. (2011) “Momentum.” Annual Review of 
Financial Economics 3: 493–509.
Jensen, M. (1967) “The Performance of Mutual Funds in the Period 
1945–1964.” Journal of Finance 23, no. 2: 389–416.
Jin, W., Livnat, J., and Zhang, Y . (2012) “Option Prices Leading Equity 
Prices: Do Option Traders Have an Information Advantage?” Journal of 
Accounting Research 50, no. 2: 401–432.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 275 ===
278 References
Jung, M., Wong, M., and Zhang, F. (2015) “Analyst Interest as an Early 
Indicator of Firm Fundamental Changes and Stock Returns.” Account-
ing Review 90, no. 3: 1049–1078.
Kozak, S., Nagel, S., and Santosh, S. (2018) “Interpreting Factor Mod-
els.” Journal of Finance 73, no. 3: 1183–1223.
Kuremoto, T., Kimura, S., Kobayashi, K., and Obayashi, M. (2014) 
“Time Series Forecasting Using a Deep Belief Network with Restricted 
Boltzmann Machines.” Neurocomputing 137: 47–56.
LeCun, Y ., Kavukcuoglu, K., and Farabet, C. (2010) “Convolutional 
Networks and Applications in Vision.” Proceedings of 2010 IEEE Inter-
national Symposium on Circuits and Systems: 253–256.
Ledoit, O. and Wolf, M. (2004) “Honey, I Shrunk the Sample Covari-
ance Matrix.” Journal of Portfolio Management 30, no. 4: 110–119.
Lee, C. and Swaminathan, B. (2000) “Price Momentum and Trading 
V olume.” Journal of Finance 55, no. 5: 2017–2069.
Lesmond, D., Schill, M., and Zhou, C. (2004) “The Illusory Nature 
of Momentum Profits.” Journal of Financial Economics 71,  
no. 2: 349–380.
Li, X., Miffre, J., Brooks, C., and O’Sullivan, N. (2008) “Momentum 
Profits and Time-Varying Unsystematic Risk.” Journal of Banking & 
Finance 32, no. 4: 541–558.
Lin, H. and McNichols, M. (1998) “Underwriting Relationships, Ana-
lysts’ Earnings Forecasts and Investment Recommendations.” Journal 
of Accounting and Economics 25, no. 1: 101–127.
Lintner, J. (1965) “The Valuation of Risk Assets and the Selection of 
Risky Investments in Stock Portfolios and Capital Budgets.” Review of 
Economics and Statistics 47, no. 1: 13–37.
Lo, A. (2004) “The Adaptive Markets Hypothesis: Market Efficiency 
from an Evolutionary Perspective.” Journal of Portfolio Management 
30, no. 5: 15–29.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 276 ===
References 279
Markowitz, H. (1952) “Portfolio Selection.” Journal of Finance 7, 
no. 1: 77–91.
McConnell, J., Sibley, S., and Xu, W. (2015) “The Stock Price Perfor -
mance of Spin-Off Subsidiaries, Their Parents, and the Spin-Off ETF, 
2001–2013.” Journal of Portfolio Management 42, no. 1: 143–152.
McInish, T. and Wood, R. (1992) “An Analysis of Intraday Patterns  
in Bid/Ask Spreads for NYSE Stocks.” Journal of Finance 47,  
no. 2: 753–764.
Michaely, R. and Womack, K. (1999) “Conflict of Interest and the Cred-
ibility of Underwriter Analyst Recommendations.” Review of Financial 
Studies 12, no. 4: 653–686.
Moskowitz, T. and Grinblatt, M. (1999) “Do Industries Explain Momen-
tum?” Journal of Finance 54, no. 4: 1249–1290.
Mossin, J. (1966) “Equilibrium in a Capital Asset Market.” Economet-
rica 34, no. 4: 768–783.
Nissim, D. and Penman, S. (2003) “Financial Statement Analysis of 
Leverage and How It Informs About Profitability and Price-to-Book 
Ratios.” Review of Accounting Studies 8, no. 4: 531–560.
Novy-Marx, R. and Velikov, M. (2015) “A Taxonomy of Anomalies and 
Their Trading Costs.” Review of Financial Studies 29, no. 1: 104–147.
Ofek, E., Richardson, M., and Whitelaw, R. (2004) “Limited Arbitrage 
and Short Sales Restrictions: Evidence from the Options Markets.” 
Journal of Financial Economics 74, no. 2: 305–342.
Ormos, M. and Timotity, D. (2016a) “Market Microstructure During 
Financial Crisis: Dynamics of Informed and Heuristic-Driven Trading.” 
Finance Research Letters 19: 60–66.
Pástor, L. and Stambaugh, R. (2003) “Liquidity Risk and Expected 
Stock Returns.” Journal of Political Economy 111, no. 3: 642–685.
Pearson, K. (1895) “Notes on Regression and Inheritance in the Case of 
Two Parents.” Proceedings of the Royal Society of London 58: 240–242.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 277 ===
280 References
Pedersen, L. (2009) “When Everyone Runs for the Exit.” International 
Journal of Central Banking 5, no. 4: 177–199.
Piotroski, J. (2000) “Value Investing: The Use of Historical Financial 
Information to Separate Winners from Losers.” Journal of Accounting 
Research 38: 1–41.
Rabiner, L. (1989) “A Tutorial on Hidden Markov Models and Selected 
Applications in Speech Recognition.” Proceedings of the IEEE 77,  
no. 2: 257–286.
Rodgers, J. and Nicewander, W.A. (1988) “Thirteen Ways to Look at 
the Correlation Coefficient.” American Statistician 42, no. 1: 59–66.
Rosenberg, B., Reid, K., and Lanstein, R. (1985) “Persuasive Evidence of 
Market Inefficiency.” Journal of Portfolio Management 11, no. 3: 9–17.
Ross, S. (1976) “The Arbitrage Theory of Capital Asset Pricing.” Jour-
nal of Economic Theory 13, no. 3: 341–360.
Rouwenhorst, K. (1998) “International Momentum Strategies.” Journal 
of Finance 53, no. 1: 267–284.
Schorfheide, F. and Wolpin, K. (2012) “On the Use of Holdout Samples 
for Model Selection.” American Economic Review 102, no. 3: 477–481.
Selesnick, I. and Burrus, C. (1998) “Generalized Digital Butterworth Filter 
Design.” IEEE Transactions on Signal Processing 46, no. 6: 1688–1694.
Sharpe, W. (1964) “Capital Asset Prices: A Theory of Market Equilib-
rium under Conditions of Risk.” Journal of Finance 19, no. 3: 425–442.
Siegel, L., Kroner, K. and Clifford, S. (2001) “The Greatest Return Sto-
ries Ever Told.” Journal of Investing 10, no. 2: 91–102.
Sloan, R. (1996) “Do Stock Prices Fully Reflect Information in Accru-
als and Cash Flows About Future Earnings?” Accounting Review 71, 
no. 3: 289–315.
Spearman, C. (1904) “The Proof and Measurement of Association 
Between Two Things.” American Journal of Psychology 100, nos. 3–4:  
441–471.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 278 ===
References 281
Sprenger, T., Tumasjan, A., Sandner, P., and Welpe, I. (2014) “Tweets 
and Trades: The Information Content of Stock Microblogs.” European 
Financial Management 20, no. 5: 926–957.
Vapnik, V . (1999) “An Overview of Statistical Learning Theory.” IEEE 
Transactions on Neural Networks 10, no. 5: 988–999.
Wood, R., McInish, T., and Ord, J. (1985) “An Investigation of Transac-
tions Data for NYSE Stocks.” Journal of Finance 40, no. 3: 723–739.
Xing, Y ., Zhang, X., and Zhao, R. (2010) “What Does Individual Option 
V olatility Smirk Tell Us about Future Equity Returns?” Journal of 
Financial and Quantitative Analysis 45, no. 3: 335–367.
Yan, Y . and Zhang, S. (2012) “An Improved Estimation Method and 
Empirical Properties of the Probability of Informed Trading.” Journal 
of Banking & Finance 36, no. 2: 454–467.
Zadeh, L. (1996) “Fuzzy Logic = Computing with Words,” IEEE Trans-
actions on Fuzzy Systems 4, no. 2: 103–111.
Zhang, X. (2006) “Information Uncertainty and Stock Returns.” Jour -
nal of Finance 61, no. 1: 105–137.
Zou, H., Hastie, T., and Tibshirani, R. (2006) “Sparse Principal Compo-
nent Analysis.” Journal of Computational and Graphical Statistics 15, 
no. 2: 265–286.
JOURNAL ARTICLES (ELECTRONIC/ONLINE)
Bailey, D., Borwein, J., Lopez de Prado, M., and Zhu, Q. (2014b) “The 
Probability of Backtest Overfitting.” https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/
Papers.cfm?abstract_id=2326253
Beaudan, P. (2013) “Telling the Good from the Bad and the Ugly: 
How to Evaluate Backtested Investment Strategies.” http://ssrn.com/
abstract=2346600
Bochkay, K., Chava, S., and Hales, J. (2016) “Hyperbole or Reality? 
Investor Response to Extreme Language in Earnings Conference Calls.” 
https://ssrn.com/abstract=2781784
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 279 ===
282 References
Boudoukh, J., Feldman, R., Kogan, S., and Richardson, M. (2016) 
“Information, Trading, and V olatility: Evidence from Firm-Specific 
News.” https://ssrn.com/abstract=2193667
Burns, P. (2006) “Random Portfolios for Evaluating Trading Strate-
gies.” http://ssrn.com/abstract=881735
Chan, W. (2001) “Stock Price Reaction to News and No-News: Drift 
and Reversal After Headlines.” https://ssrn.com/abstract=262452
Chen, S., Hollander, S., and Law, K. (2016) “In Search of Interaction.” 
https://ssrn.com/abstract=2449341
Druz, M., Wagner, A., and Zeckhauser, R. (2016) “Reading Manage-
rial Tone: How Analysts and the Market Respond to Conference Calls,” 
Swiss Finance Institute Research Paper no. 16-004. https://ideas.repec.
org/p/ecl/harjfk/16-  004.html
Dzieliński, M. and Hasseltoft, H. (2017) “News Tone Dispersion and 
Investor Disagreement.” https://ssrn.com/abstract=2192532
Fodor, A., Krieger, K., and Doran J. (2010) “Do Option Open- Interest 
Changes Foreshadow Future Equity Returns?” http://ssrn.com/
abstract=1634065
FTSE Russell. (2017) “Russell 2000 Reconstitution Effects Revisited.” 
http://www.ftserussell.com/sites/default/files/research/russell_2000_
reconstitution_effects_revisited_final.pdf
Gray, W. (2015) “Momentum Investing: Why Does Seasonality  
Matter for Momentum?” Alpha Architect, November 30, 2015.  
https://alphaarchitect.com/2015/11/30/momentum-  seasonality/
Gulen, H. and Hwang, B. (2012) “Daily Stock Market Swings and Inves-
tor Reaction to Firm-Specific News.” https://ssrn.com/abstract=1934873
Harvey, C., Liu, Y . and Zhu, C. (2014) “. . . and the Cross-Section of 
Expected Returns.” http://ssrn.com/abstract=2249314
Johnson, T. and So, E. (2011) “The Option to Stock V olume Ratio and Future 
Returns.” https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=1624062
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 280 ===
References 283
Karabulut, Y . (2013) “Can Facebook Predict Stock Market Activity?” 
https://ssrn.com/abstract=1919008
Khandani, A. and Lo, A. (2007) “What Happened to the Quants in 
August 2007?” https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_
id=1015987
Lagadec, P. (2009) “Decalage: A Mini Python Tutorial.” http://www.
decalage.info/files/mini_python_tutorial_0.03.pdf
Larrabee, D. (2014) “A Little Industry Experience May Make You a 
Better Analyst.” CFA Institute. http://blogs.cfainstitute.org/inves-
tor/2014/02/18/career-    matters-   prior-   industry-   experience-   improves  -
odds-   of-   success-   for-   wall-   street-   analysts
Lopez de Prado, M. (2013) “What to Look for in a Backtest.” https://
papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2308682
Matloff, N. (2011) “Fast Lane to Python.” University of California, Davis. 
http://heather.cs.ucdavis.edu/˜matloff/Python/PLN/FastLanePython.pdf
Meucci, A. (2010) “Managing Diversification.” Bloomberg Educa-
tion & Quantitative Research and Education Paper. https://ssrn.com/
abstract=1358533
Mohanram, P. (2004) “Separating Winners from Losers Among Low 
Book-to-Market Stocks Using Financial Statement Analysis.” http://
ssrn.com/abstract=403180
Ormos, M. and Timotity, D. (2016b) “Microfoundations of Heterosce-
dasticity in Asset Prices: A Loss-Aversion-Based Explanation of Asym-
metric GARCH Models.” https://ssrn.com/abstract=2736390
Preis, T., Moat, H., and Stanley, H. (2013) “Quantifying Trading Behav-
ior in Financial Markets Using Google Trends.” http://www.nature.
com/srep/2013/130425/srep01684/full/srep01684.html
Roll, R., Schwartz, E., and Subrahmanyam, A. (2009) “O/S: The 
Relative Trading Activity in Options and Stock.” http://ssrn.com/
abstract=1410091
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 281 ===
284 References
Scherbina, A. and Schlusche, B. (1915) “Cross-Firm Information 
Flows and the Predictability of Stock Returns.” https://ssrn.com/
abstract=2263033
Shlens, J. (2014) “A Tutorial on Principal Component Analysis.” https://
arxiv.org/abs/1404.1100
Sloan, R., Khimich, N., and Dechow, P. (2011) “The Accural Anomaly.” 
http://ssrn.com/abstract=1793364
Sprenger, T. and Welpe, I. (2011) “News or Noise? The Stock Mar -
ket Reaction to Different Types of Company-Specific News Events.” 
https://ssrn.com/abstract=1734632
Strauts, T. “Seeking Alpha: Momentum Investing with ETFs.” Seek-
ing Alpha, April 18, 2013. https://seekingalpha.com/article/1350651 -
seeking-  alpha-  momentum-  investing-  with-  etfs
BOOKS
Antonacci, G. (2014) Dual Momentum Investing: An Innovative Strat-
egy for Higher Returns with Lower Risk. McGraw-Hill Book Company.
Downey, A. (2012) Think Python. http://www.greenteapress.com/
thinkpython
Edwards, W. (1968) “Conservatism in Human Information Processing.” 
Formal Representation of Human Judgment (Benjamin Kleinmuntz, 
ed.). Wiley.
Foucault, F., Pagano, M. and Röell, A. (2013) Market Liquidity: Theory, 
Evidence, and Policy. Oxford University Press.
Graham, B. and Dodd, D. (2009) Security Analysis: Principles and 
Techniques (Sixth Edition). McGraw-Hill Book Company.
Grinold, R. and Kahn, R. (1999) Active Portfolio Management: A Quan-
titative Approach for Producing Superior Returns and Controlling Risk. 
McGraw-Hill Book Company.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 282 ===
References 285
Huber, P. and Ronchetti, E. (2009) Robust Statistics (2nd edition). Wiley.
Hull, J. (2008) Options, Futures and Other Derivatives. Pearson 
Prentice Hall.
Kahneman, D. (2011) Thinking, Fast and Slow. Farrar, Straus 
and Giroux.
Lefèvre, E. (2006) Reminiscences of a Stock Operator. Wiley.
Maronna, R., Martin, D., and Yohai, V . (2006) Robust Statistics: Theory 
and Methods. Wiley.
Mertz, D. (2006) Text Processing in Python. Addison Wesley. Also 
available from Gnosis Software: http://gnosis.cx/TPiP
Nicholas, J.G. (2004) Hedge Fund of Funds Investing: An Investor’s 
Guide. Bloomberg Press.
Popper, K. (1959) The Logic of Scientific Discovery. Hutchinson.
Rousseeuw, P. and Leroy, A. (1987) Robust Regression and Outlier 
Detection. Wiley.
Swaroop, C. (2014) A Byte of Python. http://www.swaroopch.com/
notes/python
UNPUBLISHED MANUSCRIPTS/WORKING PAPER SERIES
Beneish, M. and Nichols, D. (2009) “Identifying Overvalued Equity.” 
Johnson School Research Paper Series No. 09-09. http://ssrn.com/
abstract=1134818
Boudoukh, J., Feldman, R., Kogan, S., and Richardson, M. (2013) 
“Which News Moves Stock Prices? A Textual Analysis.” National 
Bureau of Economic Research Working Paper no. 18725. https://www.
nber.org/papers/w18725
Bradshaw, M., Hutton, A., Marcus, A., and Tehranian, H. (2010) “Opac-
ity, Crash Risk, and the Option Smirk Curve.” Working Paper. Boston 
College. http://ssrn.com/abstract=1640733
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 283 ===
286 References
Chan, K., Chan, L., Jegadeesh, N., and Lakonishok, J. (2001) “Earnings 
Quality and Stock Returns.” NBER Working Paper no. 8308. https://
www.nber.org/papers/w8308
Frazzini, A. and Lamont, O. (2007) “The Earnings Announcement Pre-
mium and Trading V olume.” National Bureau of Economic Research 
Working Paper no. 13090. https://www.nber.org/papers/w13090
Gârleanu, N., Pedersen, L., and Poteshman, A. (2009) “Demand- Based 
Option Pricing.” EFA 2005 Moscow Meetings Paper. http://ssrn.com/
abstract=676501
Kamstra, M., Kramer, L., and Levi, M. (2002) “Winter Blues: A SAD 
Stock Market Cycle.” Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta Working Paper 
no. 2002-13a; Sauder School of Business Working Paper. http://ssrn.
com/abstract=208622
Luo, X., Zhang, J., and Duan, W. (2013) “Social Media and Firm Equity 
Value.” Fox School of Business Research Paper no. 14-016. https://ssrn.
com/abstract=2260316
Mohr, M. (2005) “A Trend-Cycle (-Season) Filter.” European Central 
Bank Working Paper Series no. 499. https://www.ecb.europa.eu/pub/
pdf/scpwps/ecbwp499.pdf
Treynor, J. (1962) “Toward a Theory of Market Value of Risky Assets.” 
Unpublished manuscript.
Van Buskirk, A. (2011) “V olatility Skew, Earnings Announcements, 
and the Predictability of Crashes.” http://ssrn.com/abstract=1740513
WEBSITES
Bloomberg. www.bloomberg.com
CFA Institute. Financial Analysts Journal. www.cfapubs.org/loi/faj
Cornell University Library. ArXiv https://arxiv.org
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 284 ===
References 287
Elsevier. Journal of Banking and Finance. www.journals.elsevier.com/
journal-  of-  banking-  and-  finance
Elsevier. Journal of Corporate Finance. www.journals.elsevier.com/
journal-  of-  corporate-  finance
Elsevier. Journal of Empirical Finance. www.journals.elsevier.com/
journal-  of-  empirical-  finance
Elsevier. Journal of Financial Intermediation. www.journals.elsevier.
com/journal-  of-  financial-  intermediation
Elsevier. Journal of Financial Markets. www.journals.elsevier.com/
journal-  of-  financial-  markets
Elsevier. Journal of International Money and Finance. www.journals.
elsevier.com/journal-  of-  international-  money-  and-  finance
Elsevier. Pacific-Basin Finance Journal. www.journals.elsevier.com/
pacific-  basin-  finance-  journal
Google Finance. www.google.com/finance
Google Scholar. https://scholar.google.com
Incredible Charts. “Indicator Basics: How to Use Technical Indicators.” 
http://www.incrediblecharts.com/indicators/indicators.php
IPR Journals. Journal of Portfolio Management.  
http://jpm.iijournals.com
Investopedia. “Identifying Market Trends.” http://investopedia.com/
articles/technical/03/060303.asp
JSTOR. Journal of Business. https://www.jstor.org/journal/jbusiness
Kaufman, P. (2016) “Capturing Seasonality with Commodity ETFs.” 
Kaufmansignals.com
Lee, S. (2012) “Morningstar ETF Investor Strategies: Model ETF Port-
folios.” www.morningstar.com
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 285 ===
288 References
Morningstar. www.morningstar.com
NasdaqTrader. Options Market Share Statistics. 
http://www.nasdaqtrader.com/trader.aspx?id=marketsharenom
National Bureau of Economic Research.www.nber.org
Numpy Developers. www.numpy.org
Piard, F. (2016) “3 of the Best Seasonal ETFs.” https://seekingalpha.
com/article/4014414-  3-  best-  seasonal-  etfs
Picardo, E. (2018) “7 Best ETF Trading Strategies for Beginners.” 
www.investopedia.com
Pilgrim, M. “Dive into Python.” http://www.diveintopython.net
Renater. “SourceSup Documentation.” https://sourcesup.renater.fr/ 
projects/scientific-  py
SciPy. www.scipy.org
SciPy. “NumPy Reference.” http://docs.scipy.org/doc/numpy/reference
SciPy. “NumPy User Guide.” http://docs.scipy.org/doc/numpy/user
SciPy. “Statistical Functions.”  
http://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/stats.html
Social Science Research Network. https://ssrn.com/en/
StockCharts. “Technical Indicators and Overlays.” http://stockcharts.
com/school/doku.php?id=chart_school:technical_indicators
Time. “The 25 Best Financial Blogs.”
http://content.time.com/time/specials/packages/completelist/0,29569,  
2057116,00
Tutorialspoint. “Python Quick Guide.” www.tutorialspoint.com/python/
python_quick_guide.htm
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 286 ===
References 289
University of Washington. Journal of Financial and Quantitative  
Analysis. http://depts.washington.edu/jfqa
Wall Street Journal. www.wsj.com
Wiley Online Library. Financial Review. http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/
journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1540-  6288
Wiley Online Library. Journal of Financial Research.  
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1475-  6803
Wiley Online Library. Journal of Futures Markets. http://onlinelibrary.
wiley.com/journal/10.1002/(ISSN)1096-  9934
Wilmott. www.wilmott.com
WolframMathWorld. Reuleaux Triangle.  
http://mathworld.wolfram.com/ReuleauxTriangle.html
WorldQuantChallenge. https://websim.worldquantchallenge.com
Yahoo Finance. www.finance.yahoo.com
PUBLIC REPORTS
Options Clearing Corporation. Annual Report 2013. https://www.
optionsclearing.com/components/docs/about/annual-   reports/occ_  
2013_annual_report.pdf
Securities and Exchange Commission. (2000) Final Rule: Selec-
tive Disclosure and Inside Trading. https://www.sec.gov/rules/
final/33-  7881.htm
U.S. Commodity Futures. Commitments of Traders. https://www.cftc.
gov/marketreports/commitmentsoftraders/index.htm
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 287 ===
Index
“3964” formula  72
academia, news effects  160
accrual anomaly  96
acquisitions  196–199
AdaBoost  125
adaptive market 
hypothesis (AMH)  97
ADV see average daily 
trading volume
algorithms
backtesting  69–76
creation  12–13
cutting losses  17–21
data sources  25–26
evaluation  20–21, 28–29
prediction frequency  27
thinking in  127–132
alpha horizons  49–50
alpha pool correlation  66
alphas
basic principles
core concepts  3–6
cutting losses  17–21
data-based design  5
definition  3
evaluation  13, 20–21
existence of  11–12
expressions  4
implementation  12–13
quality evaluation  5
statistical arbitrage  10–11
step-by-step construction  5, 41
UnRule  17–18, 20–21
value of  27–30
batch statistics  117–118
from factors  148
WebSim  255–256, 260–261
see also design; evaluation
alpha space  83–88
alpha value correlation  66
AMH see adaptive market hypothesis
Amihud illiquidity  210
analysis
financial statements  141–154
full text  164
fundamental  149–154
news  159–167
novelty  161–162
relevance  162
sentiment  160–161
WebSim  258–260
analyst reports  179–193
access to  180–182
bias  190–191
coverage drop  191–192
earnings calls  181, 187–188
earnings estimates  184–185
earnings surprises  185–186
industry-specific 
knowledge  188–190
in the media  181–182, 192
Finding Alphas: A Quantitative Approach to Building Trading Strategies, Second Edition. Edited by Igor Tulchinsky et al. and
WorldQuant Virtual Research Center.
© 2020 Tulchinsky et al., WorldQuant Virtual Research Center. Published 2020 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 288 ===
292 Index
price effects  190
price targets  184
thought process  186–187
uses of  182–190
annualized Sharpe ratios  97
annual return  35
approximation, to normal 
distribution  91
APT see arbitrage pricing theory
arbitrage
capital structure  204–205
index-linked  223–230
index-rebalancing  203–204
mergers  196–199
statistical  10–11, 69–70
arbitrage pricing theory 
(APT)  95, 157
AsymBoost  125
ATR see average true range
automated searches  111–120
backtesting  116–117
batch statistics  117–118
depth  116
diversification  118–119
efficiency  111–113
input data  113–114
intermediate variables  115
manual preparation  119
noise.  113
optimization  112, 115–116
scale  111–113
search spaces  114–116
sensitivity and significance  119
unitless ratios  113–114
automation  269
availability bias  81
average daily trading volume 
(ADV)  239
average true range (ATR)  136
avoidance of overfitting  
74–75, 269–270
axes of triple-axis plan  85–86
back office digitization  8
backtesting  13–14, 69–76
automated searches  116–117
cross-validation  75
drawdowns  107
importance of  70–71
out-of-sample tests  74
overfitting  72–75
samples selection  74–75
simulation  71–72
statistical arbitrage  69–70
WebSim  33–41
backwardation  248
balance sheets  143
band-pass filters  128
batch statistics  117–118
behavioral bias  80–82
behavioral economics  11–12, 46, 
138, 155–156, 171–172
BE/ME see book equity to 
market equity
betas see risk factors
bias  12, 19, 45, 77–82
analyst reports  190–192
availability  81
behavioral  80–82
confirmation  80–81
conservatism  155–156
data mining  79–80
formulation  80
forward-looking  72
herding  81–82, 190–191
positive  190
selection  117–118
systemic  77–80
variance trade-off  129–130
bid-ask spread  208–212
big data  46–47, 79–80
categorization of news  163
expectedness  164
full text analysis  164
news analysis  159–166
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 289 ===
Index 293
novelty analysis  161–162
relevance analysis  162
sentiment analysis  160–161
social media  165–166
book equity to market equity  
(BE/ME)  96, 97–99
bootstrapping  107
business cycle  196
Butterworth filters  128
C++  12
calibration  12, 13–14
call transcripts  181, 187–188
capacity, exchange-traded 
funds  234–235
capital asset pricing model 
(CAPM)  10, 95
capital raising  227–228
capital structure arbitrage  204–205
CAPM see capital asset 
pricing model
carry trade  248
carve-outs  200–202
cash flow statements  144–145,  
150–152
categorization, of news  163
cauterization problems  121
CDSs see credit default swaps
challenges, exchange-traded 
funds  239–240
“cigar butt investing”  202–203
clamping  54
classification problems  121
CNNs see convolutional 
neural networks
Commitments of Traders (COT) 
report  244–245
completion of mergers  199
computer adoption  7–9
confirmation bias  80–81
Confusion of Confusions  7
conglomeration  197
conservatism bias  155–156
construction
step-by-step  5
see also design
contango  247–248
control of turnover  53–55,  
59–60
convolutional neural networks 
(CNNs)  125–126
corporate governance  146
correlation  28–29, 61–68
of alpha value  66
density distributions  67
generalized  64–66
macroeconomic  153
Pearson coefficients  62–64, 90
pools  66
profit and loss  61–62
Spearman’s rank  90
temporal-based  63–64, 65
costs
of carry  247–248
exchange-traded funds  232
of exit  19, 21
of trades  50–52
COT report see Commitments of 
Traders report
covariance  62
see also correlation
coverage drop  191–192
credit default swaps 
(CDSs)  204–205
crossing effect  52–53
cross-validation  75
CRSP U.S. Total Market 
Index  226–227
curiosity  268
currency forwards  241–249
checklist  243–244
Commitments of Traders 
report  244–245
instrument groupings  242–243
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 290 ===
294 Index
seasonality  245–246
underlying assets  241–242
cutting losses  17–21, 109
daily trading vs. intraday 
trading  218–219
daily turnover  35
data  43–47
analyst reports  179–193
automated searches  111–120
backtesting  74–75
big data  46–47
intraday  207–216
literature as  44
mining and bias  79–80, 117–118
news analysis  159–167
options trading  169–178
quality  12
sources  25–26, 43–44, 113–114
timestamping  78
understanding  46
validation  45–46
valuation methodologies  189
WebSim  255
in written content  164
data-based design  4
datasets  85–86
deal spread  198
deep learning (DL)  125–126
degrees of freedom  75
delay, WebSim  257
density distributions  67
depth of automated searches  116
D.E. Shaw & Co.  8
design  25–30
automated searches  111–120
backtesting  33–41
case study  31–41
core concepts  3–6
data inputs  4, 25–26, 43–47
evaluation  28–29
expressions  4
flow chart  41
future performance  29–30
horizons  4–50
intraday alphas  219–221
machine learning  121–126
noise reduction  26
optimization  29–30
prediction frequency  27
quality  5
risk-on/risk off alphas   
246–247
robustness  89–93
smoothing  54–55, 59–60
triple-axis plan  83–88
universe  26
value  27–30
digital filters  127–128
digitization  7–9
dimensionality  129–132
disclosures  192
distressed assets  202–203
diversification
automated searches  118–119
exchange-traded funds  233
portfolios  83–88, 108
DL see deep learning
dot (inner) product  63–64
Dow, Charles  7
DPIN see dynamic measure of the 
probability of 
informed trading
drawdowns  106–107
dual timestamping  78
dynamic measure of the probability 
of informed trading 
(DPIN)  214–215
dynamic parameterization  132
early-exercise premium  174
earnings calls  181, 187–188
earnings estimates  184–185
earnings surprises  185–186
efficiency, automated 
searches  111–113
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 291 ===
Index 295
efficient markets hypothesis 
(EMH)  11, 135
ego  19
elegance of models  75
EMH see efficient markets 
hypothesis
emotions  19
ensemble methods  124–125
ensemble performance  117–118
estimation
of risk  102–106
historical  103–106
position-based  102–103
shrinkage  131
ETFs see exchange-traded funds
Euclidean space  64–66
evaluation  13–14, 28–29
backtesting  13–14, 33–41, 69–76
bias  77–82
bootstrapping  107
correlation  28–29
cutting losses  20–21
data selection  74–75
drawdowns  107
information ratio  28
margin  28
overfitting  72–75
risk  101–110
robustness  89–93
turnover  49–60
see also validation
event-driven strategies  195–205
business cycle  196
capital structure 
arbitrage  204–205
distressed assets  202–203
index-rebalancing 
arbitrage  203–204
mergers  196–199
spin-offs, split-offs & carve-outs   
200–202
exchange-traded funds 
(ETFs)  223–240
average daily trading volume  239
challenges  239–240
merits  232–233
momentum alphas  235–237
opportunities  235–238
research  231–240
risks  233–235
seasonality  237–238
see also index alphas
exit costs  19, 21
expectedness of news  164
exponential moving averages  54
expressions, simple  4
extreme alpha values  104
extrinsic risk  101, 106, 108–109
factor risk heterogeneity  234
factors
financial statements  147
to alphas  148
failure modes  84
fair disclosures  192
fair value of futures  223
Fama–French three-factor model  96
familiarity bias  81
feature extraction  130–131
filters  127–128
finance blogs  181–182
finance portals  180–181, 192
financial statement analysis  141–154
balance sheets  143
basics  142
cash flow statements  144–
145, 150–152
corporate governance  146
factors  147–148
fundamental analysis  149–154
growth  145–146
income statements  144
negative factors  146–147
special considerations  147
finite impulse response (FIR) 
filters  127–128
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 292 ===
296 Index
FIR filters see finite impulse 
response filters
Fisher Transform  91
five-day reversion alpha  55–59
Float Boost  125
forecasting
behavioral economics  11–12
computer adoption  7–9
frequencies  27
horizons  49–50
statistical arbitrage  10–11
UnRule  17–21
see also predictions
formation of the industry  8–9
formulation bias  80
forward-looking bias  72
forwards  241–249
checklist  243–244
Commitments of Traders 
report  244–245
instrument groupings  242–243
seasonality  245–246
underlying assets  241–242
frequencies  27
full text analysis  164
fundamental analysis  149–154
future performance  29–30
futures  241–249
checklist  243–244
Commitments of Traders 
report  244–245
fair value  223
instrument groupings  242–243
seasonality  245–246
underlying assets  241–242
fuzzy logic  126
General Electric  200
generalized correlation  64–66
groupings, futures and 
forwards  242–243
group momentum  157–158
growth analysis  145–146
habits, successful  265–271
hard neutralization  108
headlines  164
hedge fund betas see risk factors
hedge funds, initial  8–9
hedging  108–109
herding  81–82, 190–191
high-pass filters  128
historical risk measures  103–106
horizons  49–50
horizontal mergers  197
Huber loss function  129
humps  54
hypotheses  4
ideas  85–86
identity matrices  65
IIR filters see infinite impulse 
response filters
illiquidity premium  208–211
implementation
core concepts  12–13
triple-axis plan  86–88
inaccuracy of models  10–11
income statements  144
index alphas  223–240
index changes  225–228
new entrants  227–228
principles  223–225
value distortion  228–230
see also exchange-traded funds
index-rebalancing arbitrage  203–204
industry formation  8–9
industry-specific factors  188–190
infinite impulse response (IIR) 
filters  127–128
information ratio (IR)  28, 
35–36, 74–75
initial hedge funds  8–9
inner product see dot product
inputs, for design  25–26
integer effect  138
intermediate variables  115
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 293 ===
Index 297
intraday data  207–216
expected returns  211–215
illiquidity premium  208–211
market microstructures  208
probability of informed 
trading  213–215
intraday trading  217–222
alpha design  219–221
liquidity  218–219
vs. daily trading  218–219
intrinsic risk  102–103, 105–106, 109
invariance  89
inverse exchange-traded funds  234
IR see information ratio
iterative searches  115
Jensen’s alpha  3
L1 norm  128–129
L2 norm  128–129
latency  46–47, 128, 155–156
lead-lag effects  158
length of testing  75
Level 1/2 tick data  46
leverage  14–15
leveraged exchange-traded 
funds  234
limiting methods  92–93
liquidity
effect  96
intraday data  208–211
intraday trading  218–219
and spreads  51
literature, as a data source  44
look-ahead bias  78–79
lookback days, WebSim  257–258
looking back see backtesting
Lo’s hypothesis  97
losses
cutting  17–21, 109
drawdowns  106–107
loss functions  128–129
low-pass filters  128
M&A see mergers and acquisitions
MAC clause see material adverse 
change clause
MACD see moving average 
convergence-divergence
machine learning  121–126
deep learning  125–126
ensemble methods  124–125
fuzzy logic  126
look-ahead bias  79
neural networks  124
statistical models  123
supervised/unsupervised  122
support vector machines (SVM)  
122, 123–124
macroeconomic correlations  153
manual searches,  
pre-automation  119
margin  28
market commentary sites  181–182
market effects
index changes  225–228
see also price changes
market microstructure  207–216
expected returns  211–215
illiquidity premium  208–211
probability of informed 
trading  213–215
types of  208
material adverse change (MAC) 
clause  198–199
max drawdown  35
max stock weight, WebSim  257
mean-reversion rule  70
mean-squared error minimization  11
media  159–167
academic research  160
categorization  163
expectedness  164
finance information   
181–182, 192
momentum  165
novelty  161–162
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 294 ===
298 Index
sentiment  160–161
social  165–166
mergers and acquisitions 
(M&A)  196–199
models
backtesting  69–76
elegance  75
inaccuracy of  10–11
see also algorithms; design; 
evaluation; machine learning; 
optimization
momentum alphas  155–158, 
165, 235–237
momentum effect  96
momentum-reversion  136–137
morning sunshine  46
moving average convergence-
divergence (MACD)  136
multiple hypothesis-
testing  13, 20–21
narrow framing  81
natural gas reserves  246
negative factors, financial 
statements  146–147
neocognitron models  126
neural networks (NNs)  124
neutralization  108
WebSim  257
newly indexed companies  227–228
news  159–167
academic research  160
categories  163
expectedness  164
finance information   
181–182, 192
momentum  165
novelty  161–162
relevance  162
sentiment  160–161
volatility  164–165
NNs see neural networks
noise
automated searches  113
differentiation  72–75
reduction  26
nonlinear transformations  64–66
normal distribution, 
approximation to  91
novelty of news  161–162
open interest  177–178
opportunities  14–15
optimization  29–30
automated searches  112, 115–116
loss functions  128–129
of parameter  131–132
options  169–178
concepts  169
open interest  177–178
popularity  170
trading volume  174–177
volatility skew  171–173
volatility spread  174
option to stock volume ratio (O/S)   
174–177
order-driven markets  208
ordering methods  90–92
O/S see option to stock volume ratio
outliers  13, 54, 92–93
out-of-sample testing  13, 74
overfitting  72–75
data mining  79–80
reduction  74–75, 269–270
overnight-0 alphas  219–221
overnight-1 alphas  219
parameter minimization  75
parameter optimization  131–132
PCA see principal 
component analysis
Pearson correlation 
coefficients  62–64, 90
peer pressure  156
percent profitable days  35
performance parameters  85–86
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 295 ===
Index 299
PH see probability of heuristic-
driven trading
PIN see probability of 
informed trading
PnL see profit and loss
pools see portfolios
Popper, Karl  17
popularity of options  170
portfolios
correlation  61–62, 66
diversification  83–88, 108
position-based risk 
measures  102–103
positive bias  190
predictions  4
frequency  27
horizons  49–50
see also forecasting
price changes
analyst reports  190
behavioral economics  11–12
efficient markets hypothesis  11
expressions  4
index changes  225–228
news effects  159–167
relative  12–13, 26
price targets  184
price-volume strategies  135–139
pride  19
principal component analysis 
(PCA)  130–131
probability of heuristic-driven 
trading (PH)  214
probability of informed trading 
(PIN)  213–215
profit and loss (PnL)
correlation  61–62
drawdowns  106–107
see also losses
profit per dollar traded  35
programming languages  12
psychological factors see 
behavioral economics
put-call parity relation  174
Python  12
quality  5
quantiles approximation  91
quintile distributions  104–105
quote-driven markets  208
random forest algorithm  124–125
random walks  11
ranking  90
RBM see restricted 
Boltzmann machine
real estate investment trusts 
(REITs)  227
recommendations by 
analysts  182–183
recurrent neural networks 
(RNNs)  125
reduction
of dimensionality  130–131
of noise  26
of overfitting  74–75, 269–270
of risk  108–109
Reg FD see Regulation Fair 
Disclosure
region, WebSim  256
regions  85–86
regression models  10–11
regression problems  121
regularization  129
Regulation Fair Disclosure 
(Reg FD)  192
REITs see real estate 
investment trusts
relationship models  26
relative prices  12–13, 26
relevance, of news  162
Renaissance Technologies  8
research  7–15
analyst reports  179–193
automated searches  111–120
backtesting  13–14
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 296 ===
300 Index
behavioral economics  11–12
computer adoption  7–9
evaluation  13–14
exchange-traded funds  231–240
implementation  12–13
intraday data  207–216
machine learning  121–126
opportunities  14–15
perspectives  7–15
statistical arbitrage  10–11
triple-axis plan  83–88
restricted Boltzmann machine 
(RBM)  125
Reuleaux triangle  70
reversion alphas, five-day  55–59
risk  101–110
arbitrage  196–199
control  108–109
drawdowns  106–107
estimation  102–106
extrinsic  101, 106, 108–109
intrinsic  102–103, 105–106, 109
risk factors  26, 95–100
risk-on/risk off alphas  246–247
risk-reward matrix  267–268
RNNs see recurrent neural networks
robustness  89–93, 103–106
rules  17–18
evaluation  20–21
see also algorithms; UnRule
Russell 2000 IWM fund  225–226
SAD see seasonal affective disorder
scale of automated 
searches  111–113
search engines, analyst 
reports  180–181
search spaces, automated 
searches  114–116
seasonality
exchange-traded funds  237–238
futures and forwards  245–246
momentum strategies  157
and sunshine  46
selection bias  77–79, 117–118
sell-side analysts  179–180
see also analyst reports
sensitivity tests  119
sentiment analysis  160–161, 188
shareholder’s equity  151
Sharpe ratios  71, 73, 
74–75, 221, 260
annualized  97
Shaw, David  8
shrinkage estimators  131
signals
analysts report  190, 191–192
cutting losses  20–21
data sources  25–26
definition  73
earnings calls  187–188
expressions  4
noise reduction  26, 72–75
options trading volume  174–177
smoothing  54–55, 59–60
volatility skew  171–173
volatility spread  174
sign correlation  65
significance tests  119
Simons, James  8
simple moving averages  55
simulation
backtesting  71–72
WebSim settings  256–258
see also backtesting
size factor  96
smoothing  54–55, 59–60
social media  165–166
sources of data  25–26, 43–44, 74–75
automated searches  113–114
see also data
sparse principal component analysis 
(sPCA)  131
Spearman’s rank correlation  90
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 297 ===
Index 301
special considerations, financial 
statements  147
spin-offs  200–202
split-offs  200–202
spreads
and liquidity  51
and volatility  51–52
stat arb see statistical arbitrage
statistical arbitrage (stat arb)  
10–11, 69–70
statistical models, machine 
learning  123
step-by-step construction  5, 41
storage costs  247–248
storytelling  80
subjectivity  17
sunshine  46
supervised machine learning  122
support vector machines (SVM)  
122, 123–124
systemic bias  77–80
TAP see triple-axis plan
tax efficiency, exchange-traded 
funds  233
teams  270–271
temporal-based 
correlation  63–64, 65
theory-fitting  80
thought processes of 
analysts  186–187
tick data  46
timestamping and bias  78–79
tracking errors  233–234
trades
cost of  50–52
crossing effect  52–53
latency  46–47
trend following  18
trimming  92
triple-axis plan (TAP)  83–88
concepts  83–86
implementation  86–88
tuning of turnover  59–60
see also smoothing
turnover  49–60
backtesting  35
control  53–55, 59–60
costs  50–52
crossing  52–53
examples  55–59
horizons  49–50
smoothing  54–55, 59–60
WebSim  260
uncertainty  17–18
underlying principles  72–73
changes in  109
understanding data  46
unexpected news  164
universes  26, 85–86,  
239–240, 256
UnRule  17–18, 20–21
unsupervised machine learning  122
validation, data  45–46
valuation methodologies  189
value of alphas  27–30
value distortion, indices  228–230
value factors  96
value investing  96, 141
variance and bias  129–130
vendors as a data source  44
vertical mergers  197
volatility
and news  164–165
and spreads  51–52
volatility skew  171–173
volatility spread  174
volume
of options trading  174–177
price-volume strategies  135–139
volume-synchronized probability of 
informed trading (VPIN)  215
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License

=== PAGE 298 ===
302 Index
VPIN see volume-synchronized 
probability of 
informed trading
weather effects  46
WebSim  253–261
analysis  258–260
backtesting  33–41
data types  255
example  260–261
settings  256–258
weekly goals  266–267
weighted moving  
averages  55
Winsorization  92–93
Yahoo finance  180
Z-scoring  92
 Downloaded from https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/ by The University Of Manchester, Wiley Online Library on [02/08/2026]. See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License
